--simplificataion-- Some of them have special materials that help to keep the deck from breaking: such as fiberglass, bamboo, resin, Kevlar, carbon fiber, aluminum, and plastic. --EOI-- Other materials used in making decks fiberglass, bamboo, resin, Kevlar, carbon fiber, aluminum, and plastic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When a display is needed, the lizards erect the hyoid bone of their throat, resulting in a large vertical flap of brightly colored skin beneath the head which can be then used for communication. --EOI-- When a display is needed, the lizards erect the hyoid bone of their throat, resulting in a large vertical flap of brightly colored skin beneath the head which can be then used for communication. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The American Academy of Dermatology distinguishes 5 types of tattoos: Traumatic tattoos, also called "natural tattoos ", that result from injuries, especially asphalt from road injuries or pencil lead; Amateur tattoos; Professional tattoos, both via traditional methods and modern tattoo machines; Medical tattoos; Cosmetic tattoos, also known as "permanent makeup ". --EOI-- Tattoos may be made on human or animal skin. Tattoos on humans are a type of body modification, but tattoos on animals are most often used for identification. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A goitre or goiter (Latin gutteria, struma), is a swelling in the thyroid gland, which can lead to a swelling of the neck or larynx (voice box). --EOI-- A goitre (BrE), or goiter (AmE) (Latin struma), also called a bronchocele, is a swelling in the neck (just below Adam's apple or larynx) due to an enlarged thyroid gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Buxton Mineral Water Company (owned by Nestle) and Buxton Spring Ltd extract and bottle mineral waters in Buxton. --EOI-- Buxton is described as "the gateway to the Peak District National Park ". Buxton is also close to Manchester. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The structure is known as the middle ear, and is made up of the incus, stapes, malleus, and tympanic membrane. --EOI-- The structure is known as the middle ear, and is made up of the incus, stapes, malleus, and tympanic membrane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryos are attached to the dentary, which is part of the jaw. --EOI-- Studies have shown that ear bones in mammal embryos are attached to the dentary, which is part of the lower jaw. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ossicles are, in order from the eardrum to the inner ear (biologically\/medically from superficial to deep), the malleus, incus, and stapes. --EOI-- The ossicles are, in order from the eardrum to the inner ear (from superficial to deep), the malleus, incus, and stapes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Users were attracted to Linux distributions as alternatives to the DOS and Microsoft Windows operating systems on the PC, Mac OS on the Apple Macintosh, and proprietary versions of Unix. --EOI-- People who used computers wanted to use Linux distributions as replacements to Microsoft Windows operating systems on the PC, Mac OS on the Apple Macintosh and proprietary versions of Unix. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They attract matter like any other mass, but objects falling towards a white hole would never actually reach the white hole's event horizon (though in the case of the maximally extended Schwarzschild solution, discussed below, the white hole event horizon in the past becomes a black hole event horizon in the future, so any object falling towards it will eventually reach the black hole horizon). In quantum mechanics, the black hole emits Hawking radiation, and so can come to thermal equilibrium with a gas of radiation. --EOI-- In astrophysics, a white hole is the opposite of a black hole. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band was formed shortly after Leslie West, formerly of the Long Island R&B band The Vagrants, recorded a solo album titled Mountain (a reference to West's one-time physical bulk) with bassist and former Cream collaborator Felix Pappalardi producing. The album also featured former Remains drummer N.D. Smart. --EOI-- The band was formed when Leslie West, formerly from the Long Island R&B band The Vagrants had recorded a solo album entitled Mountain (which was a reference to West's one-time physical bulk) and had former Cream collaborator and bassist Felix Pappalardi producing it and former Remains drummer N.D. Smart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As chemical weapons, they are classified as weapons of mass destruction by the United Nations according to UN Resolution 687 (passed in April 1991) and their production and stockpiling was outlawed by the Chemical Weapons Convention of 1993; the Chemical Weapons Convention officially took effect on April 29, 1997. --EOI-- Since they are chemical weapons, they are classified as weapons of mass destruction by the United Nations according to UN Resolution 687. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One of Nickelodeon's sister channels, it concentrated on preschool programs and featured the animated characters of Moose A. Moose (a moose voiced by Paul Christie who also voiced Stick Stickly on Nick in the Afternoon) and Zee (a silent blue bird). --EOI-- This channel features the animated characters of Moose A. Moose (a moose) and Zee (a blue bird). It is one of Nickelodeon's sister channels, concentrating on preschool programs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Technically, Noggin did not show commercials, but it did show ads between shows such as Mud N' Bugs Cereal, and Connie the Cow's Milk Break, as well as other "tie-in " media such as a music video that tied in with the film Curious George, and spots for airings of shows on other channels within the Nick family. --EOI-- Technically, Fox Noggin Channel does not show commercials, but it has shown ads and billboards for products such as Kellogg's Mud N' Bugs Cereal, and Lego's Explorer Line of Toys, as well as other "tie-in " media such as a music video that tied in with the film Curious George, and spots for airings of shows on other channels within the Nick family. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In mammals, the thorax is the region of the body formed by the sternum, the thoracic vertebrae, and the ribs. --EOI-- In mammals, the parts that make up the thorax are the sternum, the thoracic vertebrae and the ribs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Within the cell, vitamin K undergoes electron reduction to a reduced form of vitamin K (called vitamin K hydroquinone) by the enzyme vitamin K epoxide reductase (or VKOR). --EOI-- Vitamin K is a vitamin which is soluble in fat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The kangaroo mouse collects food and maintains large caches in their burrows, which are excavated to a length of between 3 and 8 feet (1 to 2.5 meters). --EOI-- The kangaroo mouse collects food and maintains large stocks in their burrows. These burrows are excavated to a length of between 3 and 8 feet (1 to 2.5 meters). --separator-- --simplificataion-- When Ferdinand succeeded his father as King of Aragon in 1479, the Crown of Castile and the various territories of the Crown of Aragon were united in a personal union creating for the first time since the 8th century a single political unit referred to as EspaÃ a (Spain), the root of which is the ancient name Hispania. --EOI-- Ferdinand succeeded his father as King of Aragon in 1479 and the Crown of Castile and the various territories of the Crown of Aragon were united in a personal union. For the first time since the 8th century this created a single political unit which might be called Spain, although the various territories were not properly administered as a single unit until the 18th century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A closely related plant is marjoram from Turkey, which, however, differs significantly in taste, because phenolic compounds are missing from its essential oil. --EOI-- That plant has a completely different taste. This is because phenolic compounds are missing in its essential oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Amphetamine derivatives are a class of potent drugs that act by increasing levels of dopamine and norepinephrine in the brain, inducing euphoria. --EOI-- These drugs increase the level of dopamine and norepinephrine in the brain, which can create euphoria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury (TBI) and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy, postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS) and chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS). --EOI-- It is also used to treat symptoms of traumatic brain injury (TBI) and the daytime drowsiness symptoms of narcolepsy, amongst others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The film makers appealed the NC-17 rating because of the highly negative stigma associated with NC-17 rated films, and because the NC-17 restricts the distribution and actual sales of such movies. --EOI-- The MPAA rated the film as NC-17, but instead the film was released unrated to avoid the NC-17 related stigma. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tarama is salted and cured cod roe used to make taramosalata, a meze consisting of tarama mixed with lemon juice, bread crumbs, onions, and olive oil; it is eaten as a dip. --EOI-- Tarama is carp roe used to make taramosalata. Taramosolata is a Greek and Turkish food that is made of tarama mixed with lemon juice, bread crumbs, onions, and olive oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Among them were Benjamin Britten (Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings, Canticle III), Malcolm Arnold (Horn Concerto No. 2), Paul Hindemith (Concerto for Horn and Orchestra), York Bowen (Concerto for Horn, Strings and Timpani), Peter Racine Fricker (Horn Sonata), Gordon Jacob (Concerto for Horn and String Orchestra), MÃ tyÃ s Seiber (Notturno for Horn and Strings), Humphrey Searle (Aubade for Horn and Strings), Ernest Tomlinson (Rhapsody and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra, Romance and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra), Lennox Berkeley (Trio for Horn, Violin and Piano) and Elisabeth Lutyens. --EOI-- Among them were Benjamin Britten Serenade for Tenor, Horn and Strings, Canticle III, Malcolm Arnold Horn Concerto No. 2, Paul Hindemith Concerto for Horn and Orchestra, York Bowen Concerto for Horn, Strings and Timpani, Peter Racine Fricker Horn Sonata (Dennis was at school with Peter), Gordon Jacob Concerto for Horn and String Orchestra, MÃ tyÃ s Seiber Notturno for Horn and Strings, Humphrey Searle Aubade for Horn and Strings, Ernest Tomlinson Rhapsody and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra, Romance and Rondo for Horn and Orchestra, Lennox Berkeley Trio for Horn, Violin and Piano and Elisabeth Lutyens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann's Ill Wind and his classical playing inspired future generations of horn players. --EOI-- His Mozart recordings inspired Flanders and Swann's Ill Wind and his classical playing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Horizontal gene transfer was first described in Japan in a 1959 publication that demonstrated the transfer of antibiotic resistance between different species of bacteria. --EOI-- Horizontal gene transfer was first described in Japan in a 1959 publication that demonstrated the transfer of antibiotic resistance between different species of bacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chocolate syrup is a chocolate flavored condiment. It is often used as a topping for various desserts, such as ice cream or mixed with milk to make chocolate milk. --EOI-- Chocolate syrup is used to sweeten and flavor hot and cold drinks such as hot chocolate, chocolate milk, and chocolate milk shakes, and poured on desserts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By definition, bosons are particles which obey Boseâ "Einstein statistics: when one swaps two bosons, the wavefunction of the system is unchanged. Fermions, on the other hand, obey Fermiâ "Dirac statistics and the Pauli exclusion principle: two fermions can not occupy the same quantum state as each other, resulting in a "rigidity " or "stiffness " of matter which includes fermions. --EOI-- Bosons are different from Fermions, which are particles that make up matter, because they obey Bose-Einstein statistics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In human anatomy, the metacarpus is the intermediate part of the hand skeleton that is located between the phalanges (bones of the fingers) distally and the carpus which forms the connection to the forearm. --EOI-- The metacarpus is the intermediate part of the hand skeleton. It is located between the phalanges (bones of the fingers) distal and the carpus which forms the connection to the forearm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In vascular plants, phloem is the living tissue that carries organic nutrients (known as photosynthate), in particular, glucose, a sugar, to all parts of the plant where needed. --EOI-- In vascular plants, phloem is the living tissue made up of small tubes which carry watery sap containing sugar and other organic nutrients to all parts of the plant where the nutrients are used for growth, or stored until needed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The largest living chelonian is the leatherback sea turtle (Dermochelys coriacea), which reaches a shell length of 200 c and can reach a weight of over 900 k. Freshwater turtles are generally smaller, but with the largest species, the Asian softshell turtle Pelochelys cantorii, a few individuals have been reported up to 200 c. This dwarfs even the better-known alligator snapping turtle, the largest chelonian in North America, which attains a shell length of up to 80 c and a weight of about 60 k. Giant tortoises of the genera Geochelone, Meiolania, and others were relatively widely distributed around the world into prehistoric times, and are known to have existed in North and South America, Australia, and Africa. --EOI-- The largest chelonian is a marine turtle, the great leatherback sea turtle, which reaches a shell length of 200 cm (80 inches) and can reach a weight of over 900 kg (2,000 lb, or 1 short ton). Freshwater turtles are generally smaller, but with the largest species, the Asian softshell turtle Pelochelys cantorii, a few individuals have been reported to measure up to 200 cm or 80 in (Das, 1991). --separator-- --simplificataion-- For instance, thyrotoxicosis could instead be caused by ingestion of exogenous thyroid hormone or inflammation of the thyroid gland, causing it to release its stores of thyroid hormones. --EOI-- It is caused by a thyroid gland that is too active. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hyperthyroidism is thus a cause of thyrotoxicosis, the clinical condition of increased thyroid hormones in the blood. It is important to note that hyperthyroidism and thyrotoxicosis are not synonymous. --EOI-- Hyperthyroidism is a medical condition. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This led to the synthesis of psilocybin, the active agent of many "magic mushrooms. " --EOI-- This led to the synthesis of psilocybin, the active agent of many magic mushrooms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, lymphocytes, a type of white blood cell, will meet the antigens, or proteins, in the peripheral lymphoid organs, which includes lymph nodes. The antigens are displayed by specialized cells in the lymph nodes. --EOI-- Lymph nodes contain white blood cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A lymph node is a small ball-shaped organ of the immune system, distributed widely throughout the body including the armpit and stomach\/gut and linked by lymphatic vessels. Lymph nodes are garrisons of B, T, and other immune cells. --EOI-- A Lymph node is an organ consisting of many types of cells, and is a part of the lymphatic system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Birmingham attacked strongly in the next ten minutes. In the 75th minute Trautmann, diving at an incoming ball, was knocked out in a collision with Birmingham's Peter Murphy in which he was hit in the neck by Murphy's right knee. --EOI-- At the 75th minute of this game, Trautmann was hit by a player from Birmingham. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are enemies and obstacles that endanger Yoshi and Baby Mario on each stage. If Yoshi is struck by an enemy, Baby Mario will be sprung from Yoshi's back and float around in a bubble crying while a timer counts down; if Yoshi does not reunite with Baby Mario before the timer reaches 0, Baby Bowser's minions will fly on screen and kidnap him, ending the level and reducing the player's chances to retry by one. --EOI-- Baby Mario lands on the back of Yoshi, who, along with seven other Yoshis, helps Baby Mario defeat Baby Bowser and rescue Baby Luigi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Na+\/ K+- ATPase (fully Sodium-Potassium Adenosine Triphosphatase, also known as the Na+\/ K+ pump, sodium-potassium pump, or simply sodium pump, for short) is an enzyme located in the plasma membrane (to be specific, an electrogenic transmembrane ATPase) in all animals. --EOI-- Na+\/ K+- ATPase (fully Sodium-Potassium Adenosine Triphosphatase, also known as the Na+\/ K+ pump, sodium-potassium pump, or simply sodium pump, for short) is an enzyme found in the plasma membrane that removes Na+ (sodium) ions and replaces them with K+ (potassium) ions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nausea (Latin nausea, from Greek, nausiÄ ", "motion sickness ", or "wamble "), is a sensation of unease and discomfort in the upper stomach with an involuntary urge to vomit. --EOI-- Nausea is a general feeling of unease and discomfort in the stomach, often with the urge to vomit. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is one of the four traditional classes of tissues (the others being epithelial, muscle, and nervous tissue). --EOI-- It is one of the four traditional classes of tissues (the others being epithelial, muscle, and nervous tissue). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Collagen is the main protein of connective tissue in animals and the most abundant protein in mammals, making up about 25% of the total protein content. --EOI-- Collagen is the main protein of connective tissue in animals and the most abundant protein in mammals, making up about 25% of the total protein content. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Connective tissue makes up a variety of physical structures including, tendons, blood, cartilage, bone, adipose tissue, and lymphatic tissue. --EOI-- Connective tissue makes up a variety of physical structures including, tendons, blood, cartilage, bone, adipose tissue, and lymphatic tissue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has 3 main components; cells, fibers, and extracellular matrix. --EOI-- It has 3 main components; cells, fibers, and extracellular matrix. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Martin Scorsese's direction of The Departed earned him his second Golden Globe for Best Director, as well as a Critic's Choice Award, his first Director's Guild of America Award, and the Academy Award for Best Director. While being presented with the award, Scorsese said "Could you double-check the envelope? " --EOI-- This was Scorsese's first Academy Award for Best Director. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Agranulocytosis, also known as Agranulosis or Granulopenia, is an acute condition involving a severe and dangerous leukopenia (lowered white blood cell count), most commonly of neutrophils, causing a neutropenia in the circulating blood. --EOI-- It is a type of severe and dangerous leukopenia (a condition of very low number of white blood cells). If the agranulocytosis is because of a lack of neutrophils (called neutropenia), it is especially bad. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thus pain and pleasure act as checks on each other: "To gain a desired prey, a dog or wolf will do things that, in other contexts, they would shy away from: run through thorn bushes, jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them. --EOI--  "To gain a desired prey, a dog or wolf will do things (that they would normally not do, such as) run through thorn bushes, jump into cold water and expose themselves to risks which would normally frighten them. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This "antisymmetric wavefunction " behavior implies that fermions are subject to the Pauli exclusion principle, i.e. no two fermions can occupy the same quantum state at the same time. This results in "rigidity " or "stiffness " of states that include fermions (atomic nuclei, atoms, molecules, etc.), so fermions are sometimes said to be the constituents of matter, while bosons are said to be the particles that transmit interactions (i.e. force carriers) or the constituents of electromagnetic radiation. --EOI-- Fermions can be thought of as the building blocks of matter because atoms are made up of fermions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Diane Dodd was able to show allopatric speciation by reproductive isolation in D. pseudoobscura after only eight generations using different food types, starch and maltose. --EOI-- In 1989 Diane Dodd gave laboratory populations of D. pseudoobscura two different food types, starch and maltose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His popular singles released recently include luk thung singles Mah Tummai (with Jintara Poonlarp), Fan Ja (with Jintara and Jarin B. (Joey Boy), Nat Myria Benedetti and Katreeya English), Lao Su Kan Fang, and Yak Tham Kor Tob and Mai Kang Ying Pae from his album "Volume One ". --EOI-- His popular singles released recently include luk thung singles Mah Tummai (with Jintara Poonlarp), Fan Ja (with Jintara and Jarin B. (Joey Boy), Nat Myria Benedetti and Katreeya English), Lao Su Kan Fang, and Yak Tham Kor Tob and Mai Kang Ying Pae from his album "Volume One ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mea vid-cirklo restas presk' primitiva- En olu es nia afero intima, interna Por ke kun homaro la Tero flugadez eterne. --EOI-- Mea vid-cirklo restas presk' primitiva- En olu es nia afero intima, interna Por ke kun homaro la Tero flugadez eterne. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is mostly water (93% by volume) and contains dissolved proteins, glucose, clotting factors, mineral ions, hormones and carbon dioxide (plasma being the main medium for excretory product transportation). --EOI-- It is mostly water (90% by volume) and contains dissolved proteins, glucose, clotting factors, mineral ions, hormones and carbon dioxide. Plasma is the transport medium for excretion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap, which cover more than 80% of the island; the red stripe, the ocean; the red semicircle, the sun, with its bottom part sunk in the ocean; and the white semicircle, the icebergs and pack ice. --EOI-- He described the white stripe as representing the glaciers and ice cap; the red stripe, the ocean; the red semicircle, the fjords; and the white semicircle, the icebergs and pack ice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the city of Shifang, the collapse of two chemical plants led to leakage of some 80 tons of liquid ammonia, with hundreds of people reported buried. --EOI-- In Shifang, 2 chemical factories were damaged and leaked 80 tons of liquid ammonia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- People stood silent for three minutes while air defense, police and fire sirens, and the horns of vehicles, vessels and trains sounded. --EOI-- People stood silent for 3 minutes. Air defense, police and fire sirens, and the horns of vehicles, vessels and trains sounded. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Periodontitis is a set of inflammatory diseases affecting the periodontium, i.e., the tissues that surround and support the teeth. --EOI-- Periodontitis is a set of diseases which usually attacks the tissues surrounding the teeth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The events were numbered, as In Your House# 1,# 2, and so on, until event specific subtitles were added, starting with# 7 "Good Friends, Better Enemies " (referring to the main event of Shawn Michaels vs. Diesel), such as "It's Time " (Vader's catch phrase), "Buried Alive " (describing the main event match), "A Cold Day in Hell " (contrasting gimmicks of main eventers Steve Austin and The Undertaker), "Rock Bottom " (The Rock's finishing move and the decline of his opponent Mankind), "St. Valentine's Day Massacre " (a violent event taking place in February and the PPV happened on Valentine's Day), and many others. --EOI-- The events were numbered numerically (example: In Your House# 1,# 2) until In Your House# 7 where specific subtitles were added which usually referred to the main event, starting with In Your House# 7: Good Friends, Better Enemies (refers to the Shawn Michaels vs. Diesel match). --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has been shown that snake venom evolved via a process by which a gene encoding for a normal body protein, typically one involved in key regulatory processes or bioactivity, is duplicated, and the copy is selectively expressed in the venom gland. --EOI-- Snake venom evolved by the duplication of a gene encoding for a normal regulatory or bioactivity protein. Then the copy was expressed in the venom gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Natural Selection has driven the origination and diversification of the toxins to counter the defenses of their prey. --EOI-- Natural selection has driven the diversification of the toxins to counter the defences of the prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Once toxins have been recruited into the venom proteome, they form large multigene families and evolve via the birth-and-death model of protein evolution, which leads to a diversification of toxins that allows the sit-and-wait predators the ability to attack a wide range of prey. --EOI-- Venom genes form large multigene families, and evolve by protein evolution. This leads to a diversification of toxins that let sit-and-wait predators attack a wide range of prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Benoit was found to have Xanax, hydrocodone, and an elevated level of testosterone, caused by a synthetic form of the hormone, in his system. --EOI-- Chris Benoit was found to have Xanax, hydrocodone, and an elevated level of testosterone, caused by a synthetic form of testosterone, in his system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Toxicology reports released on July 17, 2007 revealed that at their time of death, Nancy had three different drugs in her system: Xanax, hydrocodone, and hydromorphone, all of which were found at the therapeutic rather than toxic levels. --EOI-- Toxicology reports released on July 17, 2007 revealed that at their time of death, Nancy Benoit had three different drugs in her system: Xanax, hydrocodone, and hydromorphone, all of which were found at the therapeutic rather than toxic levels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oscar Fredrick Dronjak (born January 20, 1972) is the lead and rhythm guitarist and founder of the Heavy Metal band HammerFall. --EOI-- Oscar Fredrick Dronjak (born January 20 1972) is the rhythm guitarist of the power metal band HammerFall. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Broadly speaking, fuel oil is any liquid petroleum product that is burned in a furnace or boiler for the generation of heat or used in an engine for the generation of power, except oils having a flash point of approximately and oils burned in cotton or wool-wick burners. --EOI-- Broadly speaking, fuel oil is any liquid petroleum product that is burned in a furnace or boiler for the generation of heat or used in an engine for the generation of power, except oils having a flash point of approximately+40Â C and oils burned in cotton or wool-wick burners. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Nice model popular among planetary scientists postulates that the gas giant planets migrated in orbit at this time, causing objects in the asteroid belt and\/or Kuiper belt to be put onto eccentric orbits that reached the terrestrial planets. --EOI-- One popular theory is that the gas giant planets migrated in orbit at this time, causing objects in the asteroid belt and\/or Kuiper belt to be forced into orbits which reached the terrestrial planets. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For the best-fit "snowman " model, the density is found to be 1.8Â 0.2 g\/cmÂ, giving a porosity of the order of 20%, and possibly indicating that the main components are fractured solid bodies, but that the asteroid is rather not a rubble pile. --EOI-- For the best-fit "snowman " model, the density is found to be 1.8Â 0.2 g\/cmÂ. This gives a porosity of the order of 20%. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Whipple shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1934 with George Richards Minot and William Parry Murphy "for their discoveries concerning liver therapy in cases of anemia. " --EOI-- He won the 1934 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with George Minot and William P. Murphy, for their discoveries about how eating liver could cure anemia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Medicines obtained from stems include quinine from the bark of cinchona trees, camphor distilled from wood of a tree in the same genus that provides cinnamon, and the muscle relaxant curare from the bark of tropical vines. --EOI-- Medicines obtained from stems include quinine from the bark of cinchona trees, camphor distilled from wood of a tree in the same genus that provides cinnamon, and the muscle relaxant curare from the bark of tropical vines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stem usually consist of three tissues, dermal tissue, ground tissue and vascular tissue. --EOI-- Stem usually consist of three tissues, dermal tissue, ground tissue and vascular tissue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Wood pulp is widely used to make paper, paperboard, cellulose sponges, cellophane and some important plastics and textiles, such as cellulose acetate and rayon. --EOI-- Wood pulp is widely used to make paper, cardboard, cellulose sponges, cellophane and some important plastics and textiles, such as cellulose acetate and rayon. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes, the nodes hold buds which grow into one or more leaves, inflorescence (flowers), cones or other stems etc.. --EOI-- The stem is normally divided into nodes and internodes, the nodes hold buds which grow into one or more leaves, flowers, cones or other stems etc.. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vegetables from stems are asparagus, bamboo shoots, cactus pads or nopalitos, kohlrabi, and water chestnut. --EOI-- Vegetables from stems are asparagus, bamboo shoots, cactus pads or nopalitos, kohlrabi, and water chestnut. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bast fibers for textiles and rope are obtained from stems include flax, hemp, jute and ramie. --EOI-- Bast fibers for textiles and rope are obtained from stems include flax, hemp, jute and ramie. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro. --EOI-- Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro. --separator-- --simplificataion-- RC4 is the most widely used stream cipher in software; others include: A5\/1, A5\/2, Chameleon, FISH, Helix, ISAAC, MUGI, Panama, Phelix, Pike, SEAL, SOBER, SOBER-128 and WAKE. --EOI-- RC4 is the most widely used stream cipher in software; others include: A5\/1, A5\/2, Chameleon, FISH, Helix, ISAAC, MUGI, Panama, Phelix, Pike, SEAL, SOBER, SOBER-128 and WAKE. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Block ciphers operate on large blocks of digits with a fixed, unvarying transformation. --EOI-- Block ciphers operate on large blocks of fixed length. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers. --EOI-- Males of the subspecies caudatus have a mostly blue tail and no blue throat patch, while males of the subspecies margarethae have green tips to the tail-feathers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Females have a blue crown and white throat, breast and belly. --EOI-- Females have a blue crown and white throat, breast and belly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This can be done with a rag and some turpentine for a certain time while the paint is wet, but after a while, the hardened layer must be scraped. Oil paint dries by oxidation, not evaporation, and is usually dry to the touch within a span of two weeks. --EOI-- Oil paint is usually dry to the touch in a day to two weeks, depending on how much oil and turpentine is in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Often an oil such as linseed was boiled with a resin such as pine resin or even frankincense; these were called` varnishes' and were prized for their body and gloss. Other oils occasionally used include poppyseed oil, walnut oil, and safflower oil. --EOI-- These include pine resin, frankincense, poppy seed oil, walnut oil, and in more modern times safflower oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oil paint is usually mixed with linseed oil, artist grade mineral spirits or other solvents to create a thinner, faster or slower drying paint. A basic rule of oil paint application is` fat over lean.' --EOI-- The most usual type of oil that is used in paint is linseed oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The linseed oil itself comes from the flax seed, a common fiber crop. It is interesting to note that linen, an important "support " for oil painting (see below) also comes from the flax plant. --EOI-- Linseed oil, which is the main type of oil used for oil painting, comes from the flax seed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oil painting is the process of painting with pigments that are bound with a medium of drying oilâ " especially in early modern Europe, linseed oil. --EOI-- Oil painting is a way of painting pictures with pigments (colors) that are held together by the medium of oil. The most usual type of oil that is used in paint is linseed oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Specifically, the Cucurbitaceae are responsible for some food species, such as squash, pumpkin (both from Cucurbita), watermelon (Citrullus vulgaris) and other melons, and cucumber (Cucumis). --EOI-- Specifically, the Cucurbitaceae are responsible for some food species, such as squash, pumpkin (both from Cucurbita), watermelon (Citrullus vulgaris), melon and cucumber (both Cucumis). --separator-- --simplificataion-- As part of the carbon cycle known as photosynthesis, plants, algae, and cyanobacteria absorb carbon dioxide, sunlight, and water to produce carbohydrate energy for themselves and oxygen as a waste product. By contrast, during respiration they emit carbon dioxide, as do all other living things that depend either directly or indirectly on plants for food. --EOI-- Plants use carbon dioxide to make food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In those treated for diabetes a diagnosis of hypoglycemia can be made based on the presence of a low blood sugar alone. Otherwise Whipple's triad is required which include symptoms consistent with hypoglycemia, a low blood sugar, and resolution of these symptoms once the blood sugar improves. --EOI-- Hypoglycemia is a condition that involves lower than normal blood sugar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The phage infects a bacterium by attaching to its outer membrane and injecting its genetic material, leaving its empty shell attached to the bacterium. --EOI-- The phage infects a bacterium by attaching to it and injecting its genetic material into it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many cells ingest food and other materials through a process of endocytosis, where the outer membrane invaginates and then pinches off to form a vesicle. --EOI-- Many cells take in food and other things using something called endocytosis. In endocytosis, the membrane closest to the outside bends inwards and then pinches off to make a vesicle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They have a variety of internal membranes and structures, called organelles, and a cytoskeleton composed of microtubules, microfilaments, and intermediate filaments, which play an important role in defining the cell's organization and shape. --EOI-- The cytoskeleton is made up of microtubules and microfilaments. Those parts are very important in the cell's shape. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The name "digit " comes from the fact that the 10 digits (ancient Latin digita meaning fingers) of the hands correspond to the 10 symbols of the common base 10 number system, i.e. the decimal (ancient Latin adjective dec. meaning ten) digits. --EOI-- In the decimal system (which is base 10), each digit is how many of a certain power of 10 are needed to get the value. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is traditionally white with red stripes and flavored with peppermint or cinnamon; however, it is also made in a variety of other flavors and may be decorated with stripes of different colors and thicknesses. --EOI-- It is usually white with red stripes and tastes like peppermint. It is also made in many other flavors and colors. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The garden dormouse can be recognized by black eye markings, relatively large ears, short hair, and a white tassel at the end of the tail. --EOI-- The garden dormouse has black eye marks, large ears (for a rodent), short hair, and a white tassel at the end of the tail. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The most widely known today is the cor anglais, or English horn, the tenor (or alto) member of the family. A transposing instrument; it is pitched in F, a perfect fifth lower than the oboe. --EOI-- Sometimes there is also a cor anglais which sounds a fifth lower than the oboe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Canine distemper is a viral disease that affects animals in the families Canidae, Mustelidae, Mephitidae, Hyaenidae, Ailuridae, Procyonidae, Pinnipedia, some Viverridae and Felidae (though not domestic cats; feline distemper or panleukopenia is a different virus exclusive to cats). --EOI-- Canine distemper is a viral disease that affects animals in the families Canidae, Mustelidae, Mephitidae, Procyonidae and some Felidae (though not domestic cats is a different virus exclusive to cats). --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a single-stranded RNA virus of the family paramyxovirus, and thus a close relative of measles and rinderpest. --EOI-- It is a single-stranded RNA virus of the family paramyxovirus, and thus a close relative of measles and rinderpest. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year; because of this, aphidophagous hoverflies are being recognized as important natural enemies of pests, and potential agents for use in biological control. --EOI-- Aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year. Hoverflies are important natural enemies of these pests, and can be used in biological control. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Deuterostomes are distinguished by their embryonic development; in deuterostomes, the first opening (the blastopore) becomes the anus, while in protostomes it becomes the mouth. --EOI-- Deuterostomes are distingued by their embryo, in deuterostomes, the first opening (the blastopore) becomes the anus, while in protostomes it becomes the mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Baked Alaska (also known as glace au four, omeletteÃ la norvÃ gienne, Norwegian omelette and omelette surprise) is a dessert made of ice cream placed in a pie dish lined with slices of sponge cake or Christmas pudding and topped with meringue. --EOI-- Baked Alaska is a dessert made of ice cream on top of slices of sponge cake or Christmas pudding and covered with meringue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For the Avatar, learning to bend their opposite element can be extremely difficult; the example shown in the series is Aang's inability to stand his ground head-on while Earthbending, his Airbender training having placed emphasis on circling, approaching from new angles and adapting on the fly. --EOI-- For the Avatar, learning to bend their opposite element can be extremely difficult; the example shown in the series is Aang's inability to stand his ground head-on while Earthbending, his Airbender training having placed emphasis on circling, approaching from new angles and adapting on the fly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aang and his friends discover that an upcoming solar eclipse will deprive Firebenders of their bending, leaving them open to invasion and giving Aang his chance to defeat the Fire Lord, but in learning this Aang's Sky Bison is lost to a group of Sandbenders. --EOI-- Aang and his friends discover that an upcoming solar eclipse will deprive Firebenders of their bending, leaving them open to invasion and giving Aang his chance to defeat the Fire Lord. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is used in the United States and in varying degrees around the world, by clinicians, researchers, psychiatric drug regulation agencies, health insurance companies, pharmaceutical companies, and policy makers. --EOI-- It is used in the United States and around the world by doctors, researchers, health insurance companies, companies which make medicine, and others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Remote Disc capability is achieved by the computer wirelessly accessing the optical drive of another Mac or Windows PC that has the Remote Disc program installed. --EOI-- The Remote Disc capability is achieved by the computer wirelessly accessing the optical drive of another Mac or Windows PC that has the Remote Disc program installed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The MacBook Air contains no BFRs and PVC wiring, meets Energy Star Version 5.0 requirements, has a recyclable enclosure, and is rated EPEAT Gold; its display is made from arsenic-free glass and does not contain mercury. --EOI-- MacBook Air contains no BFRs and PVC wiring, meets Energy Star Version 5.0 requirements, has a recyclable enclosure, and is rated EPEAT Gold; its screen is made from arsenic-free glass and does not contain mercury. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Anal bleaching is the process of lightening the color of the skin around the anus. --EOI-- Anal bleaching is a process that causes the skin around the anus to become lighter in color. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the Middle Ages and Renaissance era, it was a stopping point for Catholic pilgrims on their way to Rome and the Vatican, as it sits on the medieval Via Francigena. --EOI-- In medieval and Renaissance times, it was a stopping point for pilgrims on their way to Rome and the Vatican as it sits on the medieval via Francigena. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To order in Italy a very similar food to what in America is called "pepperoni " one would request salamino piccante to get the spicy sausage (but made only of pork beef, and never with meat from other animals as in the american version). Usually the Italian name for a pepperoni pizza is pizza alla diavola (pizza devil-style, very similar in appearance to the pepperoni pizza). --EOI-- Sometimes Chili peppers are called pepperoni Pepperoni is a meat food that is sometimes sliced very thinly and put on pizza. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In martial arts, combat sports, and violence, a kick is a physical strike using the foot, leg, or knee (the latter is also known as a knee strike). This attack is often used in hand-to-hand combat, especially in stand-up fighting. --EOI-- In hand-to-hand combat, in martial arts and sports, a kick is a blow with the foot, the knee or the leg. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Liver diseases may be diagnosed by liver function tests, for example, by production of acute phase proteins. --EOI-- There are many different liver diseases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Liver allografts for transplant usually come from donors who have died from fatal brain injury. Living donor liver transplantation is a technique in which a portion of a living person's liver is removed and used to replace the entire liver of the recipient. --EOI-- Some liver diseases can only be treated with liver transplant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Common types of matrices include: metal plates, usually copper or zinc, or polymer plates for engraving or etching; stone, aluminum, or polymer for lithography; blocks of wood for woodcuts and wood engravings; and linoleum for linocuts. --EOI-- Pictures for prints can be cut into plates of metal, usually copper or zinc for engraving or etching; stone, used for lithography; blocks of wood for woodcuts, linoleum for linocuts and fabric plates for screen-printing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its use began to develop from this original sense when the Hebrew Bible was translated into Greek; in Ancient Greece the termÎÎÎÏÏÎÏÎ (diaspora) meant "scattering " and was used to refer to citizens of a dominant city-state who immigrated to a conquered land with the purpose of colonization, to assimilate the territory into the empire. The term derives from the verbÎÎÎÏÏÎÎÏÏ (diaspeirÅ), "I scatter ", "I spread about " and that formÎÎÎ (dia), "between, through, across "+ the verbÏÏÎÎÏÏ (speirÅ), "I sow, I scatter ". --EOI-- Diaspora (Ancient GreekÎÎÎÏÏÎÏÎ, literally, "a scattering or sowing of seeds ") is used (without capitals) to refer to any people or racial group forced or made to leave their traditional homelands, being scattered throughout other parts of the world, and their exiled community. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Usually, spermicides are combined with contraceptive barrier methods such as diaphragms, condoms, cervical caps, and sponges. --EOI-- Spermicides are normally used with barrier contraception, such as condoms, cervical caps, diaphragms, and contraceptive sponges. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Normal wear and tear includes pitting from cavitation, fatigue cracking, and abrasion from suspended solids in the water. --EOI-- Normal wear and tear is pitting from cavitation, fatigue cracking, and abrasion from suspended solids in the water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An example of a biomaterial which has a high resilience is articular cartilage, the substance lining the ends of bones in articulating joints such as the knee and hip. --EOI-- An example of a biomaterial which has a high resilience is articular cartilage, the substance lining the ends of bones in articulating joints such as the knee and hip. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many individual cities have also produced their own local hip hop newsletters, while hip hop magazines with national distribution are found in a few other countries. The 21st century also ushered in the rise of online media, and hip hop fan sites now offer comprehensive hip hop coverage on a daily basis. --EOI-- Hip hop musicians usually use nicknames. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For his study of acetylcholine as agent in the chemical transmission of nerve impulses (neurotransmission) he shared the 1936 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Otto Loewi. --EOI-- He won the 1936 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Otto Loewi, for their discoveries about the chemical transmission of nerve impulses. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome, a kidney disorder also named after Fanconi. --EOI-- It should not be confused with Fanconi syndrome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Each of the leukodystrophies is the result of a defect in the gene that controls the production or metabolism of one (and only one) of the component molecules of myelin. --EOI-- As a result of this defect, one of the molecules that make up myelin can not be synthesized as it should. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Myelin, from which the white matter of the brain takes its color, is a complex substance made up of at least ten different chemicals. --EOI-- Myelin is made of at least ten different chemicals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A plasma valve is a layer of gas in the shell of a particle accelerator. --EOI-- The plasma Valve is a layer of gas inside a special shell. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bacteria having a centrally placed endospore include Bacillus cereus, and those having a subterminal endospore include Bacillus subtilis. Sometimes the endospore can be so large the cell can be distended around the endospore, this is typical of Clostridium tetani. --EOI-- Bacteria that can form endospore, but are not in the endospore state are known to be in their vegetative state. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most types of bacteria can not change to the endospore form, but examples include Bacillus and Clostridium. --EOI-- They are the bacillus and clostridium species. Bacteria that can form endospore, but are not in the endospore state are known to be in their vegetative state. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2005, water from the Po was found to contain "staggering " amounts of benzoylecgonine, which is excreted by cocaine users in urine. --EOI-- In 2005, water from the Po was found to contain "staggering " amounts of benzoylecgonine, which is excreted by cocaine users in urine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hera wakes up while breastfeeding and then realizes she is nursing an unknown baby: she pushes the baby away and a jet of her milk sprays the night sky, producing the faint band of light known as the Milky Way. --EOI-- However, Hera wakes up while she is breastfeeding the baby and realizes she is nursing a baby she does not know. According to Greek mythology, she then pushes the baby away and a stream of her milk sprays the night sky, making a faint band of light known as the Milky Way. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bright's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be described in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis. --EOI-- Bright's disease is a historical classification of kidney diseases that would be known in modern medicine as acute or chronic nephritis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sodium periodate is used to oxidize cellulose and create a biocompatible and biodegradable compound that can be used as suture, as a scaffold for tissue engineering, or for drug delivery. --EOI-- Sodium periodate can oxidize cellulose. It is also used as a biodegradable chemical in the human body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They disbanded in 1973 and lead singer Paul Rodgers went on to become a frontman of the band Bad Company along with Simon Kirke on drums; lead guitarist Paul Kossoff died from a drug-induced heart failure at the age of 25 in 1976, bassist Andy Fraser formed Sharks. --EOI-- The lead guitarist of Free was named Paul Kossoff. In 1976 he died from a drug-induced heart failure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- rugosa; also called Indian corn, sugar corn, and pole corn) is a variety of maize with a high sugar content and prepared as a vegetable. --EOI-- rugosa; also called Indian corn, sugar corn, and pole corn) is a variety of maize with a high sugar content and prepared as a vegetable. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Premalignant lesion is a morphologically altered tissue in which cancer is more likely to occur than its apparently normal counterpart. --EOI-- A premalignant lesion is a visually (morphologically) altered tissue in which cancer is more likely to occur than its normal counterpart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A precancerous condition (or premalignant condition) is a disease, syndrome, or finding that, if left untreated, may lead to cancer. --EOI-- A precancerous (or premalignant) condition is not malignant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Miriam di Nunzio of the Chicago Sun-Times praised Hutcherson and Robb's performances, saying that "the film's heart and soul rests on the abilities of its young lead characters to make us really see the world through children's eyes. --EOI-- Miriam di Nunzio of the Chicago Sun-Times praised Hutcherson and Robb's performances. " (T) he film's heart and soul rests on the abilities of its young lead characters to make us really see the world through children's eyes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The name hemoglobin is derived from the words heme and globin, reflecting the fact that each subunit of hemoglobin is a globular protein with an embedded heme (or haem) group. Each heme group contains one iron atom, that can bind one oxygen molecule through ion-induced dipole forces. --EOI-- Hemoglobin is made from three parts: a heme molecule, a globin chain, and an iron atom. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In hemolysis (accelerated breakdown of red blood cells), associated jaundice is caused by the hemoglobin metabolite bilirubin, and the circulating hemoglobin can cause renal failure. --EOI-- Hemoglobin are found in the red blood cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The month May has been named for the Greek goddess Maia, who was identified with the Roman era goddess of fertility, Bona Dea, whose festival was held in May. --EOI-- The month of May might have been named for the Roman goddess Maia, or more likely the Roman goddess of fertility Bona Dea, whose festival was held in May. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are three official variants: pizza marinara, which is made with tomato, garlic, oregano and extra virgin olive oil (although most Neapolitan pizzerias also add basil to the marinara), pizza Margherita, made with tomato, sliced mozzarella, basil and extra-virgin olive oil, and pizza Margherita extra made with tomato, mozzarella from Campania in fillets, basil and extra virgin olive oil. --EOI-- This admits only three official variants: Pizza marinara, which is made with tomato, garlic, oregano and extra virgin olive oil (although most Neapolitan pizzerias also add basil to the marinara), Pizza Margherita, made with tomato, mozzarella, basil and extra virgin olive oil, and Pizza Margherita Extra made with tomato, buffalo mozzarella from Campania in fillets, basil and extra virgin olive oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A spindle is a wooden spike (known as the shaft) used for spinning wool, flax, hemp, cotton, and other fibers into thread. It is commonly weighted at either the bottom (sometimes called a drop spindle) middle or top, most commonly by a circular or spherical object called a whorl, and may also have a hook, groove or notch, though spindles without these are also common. --EOI-- A spindle (sometimes called a drop spindle) is a wooden spike (or shaft) that has at one end a weight, mostly a circular whorl. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Iron reacts with oxygen in the air to form various oxide and hydroxide compounds; the most common are iron (II, III) oxide (Fe3O4), and iron (III) oxide (Fe2O3). --EOI-- Iron also reacts with the halogens to make iron (III) halides, like iron (III) chloride. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Each tip of the "Y " of an antibody contains a paratope (a structure analogous to a lock) that is specific for one particular epitope (that is equivalent to a key) on an antigen, allowing these two structures to bind together with precision. --EOI-- Each tip of the "Y " of an antibody contains a structure (like a lock) that fits one particular key-like structure on an antigen. This binds the two structures together. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Several complex genetic mechanisms have evolved that allow vertebrate B cells to generate a diverse pool of antibodies from a relatively small number of antibody genes. --EOI-- Several complex genetic mechanisms have evolved. These allow vertebrate B cells to generate a huge pool of antibodies from a relatively small number of antibody genes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has been estimated that humans generate about 10 billion different antibodies, each capable of binding a distinct epitope of an antigen. --EOI-- Actually, humans generate about 10 billion different antibodies, each capable of binding a distinct antigen site. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar, a small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable, allowing millions of antibodies with slightly different tip structures, or antigen binding sites, to exist. --EOI-- Though the general structure of all antibodies is very similar, that small region at the tip of the protein is extremely variable. This allows millions of antibodies with different tip structures to exist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Patients with type 2 diabetes are often insulin resistant, and because of such resistance, may suffer from a "relative " insulin deficiency. --EOI-- Some people with diabetes can take in insulin from outside their bodies instead of producing their own insulin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nitroglycerin (NG), (United States spelling) also known as nitroglycerine (UK spelling), trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane and glyceryl trinitrate, is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid obtained by nitrating glycerol. --EOI-- Nitroglycerin, also known as nitroglycerine (UK spelling), trinitroglycerin, trinitroglycerine, 1,2,3-trinitroxypropane and glyceryl trinitrate, is a heavy, colorless, oily, explosive liquid obtained by nitrating glycerol. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Several members of Morpheus' inner circle, including Trinity (Carrie-Anne Moss), take Neo to a secret meeting, but only after they remove a robotic tracking bug from Neo's body. At the meeting Morpheus offers Neo a choice of two pills: A blue one that would return him to his old life, and a red pill that would allow him to learn the answers he seeks. --EOI-- Morpheus gives Neo a choice. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Swing Life Away " is a song by hardcore punk band Rise Against, from their 2004 album Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --EOI--  "Swing Life Away " is a song by hardcore punk band Rise Against. It came off of their 2004 album Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An inhalation machine, adjusted to mimic the puff length of cannabis smokers, drew smoke through a standard bong, a small portable bong with a folding stem, a bong with a motorized paddle that thoroughly mixes the smoke with the water, and two different types of vaporizers. --EOI-- A bong or a water pipe is a special pipe. When a person smokes with a bong, they pull the smoke through the water in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Opponents of solitary confinement hold that it is a form of cruel and unusual punishment and torture because the lack of human contact, and the sensory deprivation that often go with solitary confinement, can have a severe negative impact on a prisoner's mental state that may lead to certain mental illnesses such as depression, permanent or semi-permanent changes to brain physiology, an existential crisis,, and death. --EOI-- Opponents of solitary confinement claim that it is cruel and unusual punishment and torture Taking away human contact, and the sensory input is usually part of solitary confinement and can have a powerful negative effect on a prisoner's mind. This may lead to mental illnesses such as depression and even death. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cardiomyopathy, which literally means "heart muscle disease, " is the deterioration of the function of the myocardium (i.e., the actual heart muscle) for any reason. --EOI-- The word cardiomyopathy means "heart muscle disease ". Cardiomyopathies are a group of diseases in which the function of the myocardium (heart muscle) is impaired for any reason. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The muscle wall surrounding the left ventricle is thicker than the wall surrounding the right ventricle due to the higher force needed to pump the blood through the systemic circulation. --EOI-- The left atrium and ventricle send the blood out to the body. The left ventricle works six times harder than the right ventricle because it carries oxygenated blood. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The middle layer is called the myocardium and is composed of muscle which contracts. --EOI-- The middle layer is the myocardium. This is the heart muscle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The outer layer is called the epicardium, or visceral pericardium since it is also the inner wall of the pericardium. --EOI-- The outer covering is the pericardium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The left side (see left heart) collects oxygenated blood from the lungs into the left atrium. From the left atrium the blood moves to the left ventricle, through the bicuspid valve, which pumps it out to the body (via the aorta). --EOI-- Blood from the lungs goes to the left atrium and ventricle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1931, Stern was the first to demonstrate crossover of homologous chromosomes in Drosophila melanogaster, only weeks after Barbara McClintock and Harriet Creighton had done so in maize (corn). --EOI-- In 1931, he was the first to demonstrate crossover of homologous chromosomes in Drosophila melanogaster, only weeks after Barbara McClintock and Harriet Creighton had done so with maize. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term duct tape can lead to confusion between people more familiar with the North American usage of the term and those from regions such as Australia and New Zealand, where a completely different type of tape is sold as duct tape, as shown right. This duct tape is a 48 m wide PVC tape (usually silver in color) with no cloth backing and much weaker clear adhesive. --EOI-- Duct tape is a very strong adhesive tape with a cloth backing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The role of the GHB receptor in the behavioural effects induced by GHB is more complex. GHB receptors are densely expressed in many areas of the brain, including the cortex and hippocampus, and these are the receptors that GHB displays the highest affinity for. --EOI-- GHB can cause` GHB comas'. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Î- Hydroxybutyric acid (GHB), also known as 4-hydroxybutanoic acid and sodium oxybate (INN) when used for medicinal purposes, is a naturally occurring substance found in the central nervous system, wine, beef, small citrus fruits, and almost all animals in small amounts. --EOI-- Gamma-Hydroxybutyric acid (Î- Hydroxybutyric acid, commonly shortened to GHB; other names include 4-hydroxybutanoic acid and sodium oxybate) is a chemical substance. Small quantities of it can be found in the central nervous system of many animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chiron is blamed for poisoning the tree and dismissed from camp; Tantalus takes his job. --EOI-- Chiron is blamed for poisoning the tree and dismissed from camp; Tantalus takes his job. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many spaniel breeds were developed during the 19th century, and often named after the counties in which they were developed, or after their owners, who were usually nobility. Two strains of larger land spaniel were predominant and were said to have been of "true springer type. " --EOI-- It is one of many spaniel breeds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Emphysema is a long-term, progressive disease of the lungs that primarily causes shortness of breath. In people with emphysema, the tissues necessary to support the physical shape and function of the lungs are destroyed. --EOI-- Emphysema is a disease of the lungs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Emphysema is called an obstructive lung disease because the destruction of lung tissue around smaller sacs, called alveoli, makes these air sacs unable to hold their functional shape upon exhalation. --EOI-- It occurs when the very small air sacs (called the alveoli) at the ends of the airways in the lungs start to break down from many sacs to form much bigger sacs. The alveoli are the areas of the lung where oxygen and carbon dioxide are exchanged into and out of the blood. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Olympians triumph in it, each on his side, over Giants most of which are transformed into savage beasts: serpents, birds of prey, lions or bulls. --EOI-- The Olympians triumph in it, each on his side, over Giants most of which are transformed into savage beasts: serpents, birds of prey, lions or bulls. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Selenic acid may also be prepared by the oxidation of selenous acid with halogens, such as chlorine or bromine, or with potassium permanganate. --EOI-- It can be made by oxidation of selenous acid with a strong oxidizing agent, such as potassium permanganate, chlorine, or bromine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Parasitic wasps are increasingly used in agricultural pest control as they prey mostly on pest insects and have little impact on crops. --EOI-- Parasitic wasps are increasingly used in agricultural pest control as they prey mostly on pest insects and have little impact on crops. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Salmonella is closely related to the Escherichia genus and are found worldwide in cold- and warm-blooded animals (including humans), and in the environment. --EOI-- Salmonella is closely related to the Escherichia genus and are found worldwide in cold- and warm-blooded animals (including humans), and in the environment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They cause illnesses like typhoid fever, paratyphoid fever, and the foodborne illness. --EOI-- They cause illnesses like typhoid fever, paratyphoid fever, and the foodborne illness. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it underwent explosive intensification, as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an estimated pressure drop of 43 m, from 991 t; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 m, from 996 t. Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4. --EOI-- Ike developed an eye late on September 3 as it did explosive intensification, as it strengthened from a tropical storm to a Category 4 hurricane in twelve hours with an guessed pressure drop of 43 mbars, from 991 to 948 mbars; and a 24 hour pressure drop of 61 mbar, from 996 to 935 mbars. Ike weakened back to a Category 2 hurricane before re-intensifying back to Category 4. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba, firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del RÃ o Province, causing catastrophic damage, although it was difficult to estimate it; damage was later estimated at 3 billion dollars (2008 USD). --EOI-- Soon after Gustav made landfall in Cuba, firstly on the island of Isla de la Juventud and later on the mainland near Los Palacios in Pinar del RÃ o Province, causing severe damage, although it is difficult to predict how much damage it caused. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sebaceous glands can usually be found in hair-covered areas, where they are connected to hair follicles (see image at top). --EOI-- Sebaceous glands are often found in hair-covered areas, where they are connected near the top of hair follicles (see image at top). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sebaceous glands secrete the oily, waxy substance called sebum (Latin, meaning fat or tallow) that is made of fat (lipids), wax, and the debris of dead fat-producing cells. --EOI-- Sebaceous glands produce the oily, waxy substance called sebum (Latin, meaning fat or tallow) that is made of fat (lipids), wax, and the leftover dead fat-producing cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous hyperplasia. --EOI-- A condition involving enlarged sebaceous glands is known as sebaceous hyperplasia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are several related medical conditions, including acne, sebaceous cysts, hyperplasia, sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma (see section below: Pathology). --EOI-- There are several related medical conditions, including: acne, sebaceous cysts, hyperplasia, sebaceous adenoma and sebaceous gland carcinoma (see section below: Diseases). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens. --EOI-- The activity of the sebaceous glands increases during puberty because of heightened levels of androgens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the glands, sebum is produced within specialized cells and is released as these cells burst; sebaceous glands are thus classified as holocrine glands. Seborrhoea is the name for the condition of greasy skin caused by excess sebum. --EOI-- There are different kinds of these glands and sebum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The prescription drug isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands, and is used to treat acne. --EOI-- The prescription medicine isotretinoin significantly reduces the amount of sebum produced by the sebaceous glands, and is used to treat acne. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the eyelids, meibomian sebaceous glands secrete a special type of sebum into tears. --EOI-- In the eyelids, meibomian sebaceous glands emit a special kind of sebum into tears. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The sebaceous glands are microscopic glands in the skin that secrete an oily\/waxy matter, called sebum, to lubricate the skin and hair of mammals. --EOI-- The sebaceous glands are microscopic (tiny) glands in the skin which produce an oily\/waxy substance, called sebum, to lubricate (oil) the skin and hair. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sebaceous gland carcinoma is a rare and aggressive form of cancer involving the sebaceous glands; sebaceous adenoma is a more benign neoplasm of the sebaceous glands. --EOI-- Sebaceous gland carcinoma is a very uncommon and aggressive form of cancer involving the sebaceous glands; sebaceous adenoma is a more benign neoplasm of the sebaceous glands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The glands deposit sebum on the hairs, and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft. --EOI-- The glands deposit sebum on each hair, and bring it to the skin surface along the hair shaft. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The structure consisting of hair, hair follicle, arrector pili muscle, and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit. --EOI-- The structure consisting of hair, hair follicle, arrector pili muscle, and sebaceous gland is known as a pilosebaceous unit. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A branched type of acinar gland, the sebaceous glands exist in humans throughout the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet. --EOI-- As a branched kind of acinar gland, the sebaceous glands are found in people all over the skin except in the palms of the hands and soles of the feet. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as acne and keratosis pilaris. --EOI-- Sebaceous glands are involved in skin problems such as oily skin, acne, and keratosis pilaris. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The extreme use (up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts) of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders, for muscle gain can cause acne. --EOI-- The extreme use (up to 10 times doctor-prescribed amounts) of anabolic steroids by bodybuilders, for muscle gain can also cause acne. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas (glabrous skin) of eyelids, nose, penis, labia minora and nipples. --EOI-- Sebaceous glands are also found in non-haired areas (glabrous skin) of the eyelids, nose, penis, labia minora, and nipples. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In males, sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis, on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty. --EOI-- In males, sebaceous glands begin to appear predominantly on the penis, on the shaft and around the rim of the penile head during and after puberty. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called Vernix caseosa, a "waxy " or "cheesy " white substance coating the skin of newborns. --EOI-- The sebaceous glands of a human fetus in utero secrete a substance called Vernix caseosa, a "waxy " or "cheesy " white substance covering the skin of newborn babies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is the reason high temperatures kill bacteria and other micro organisms;` tissue' breakdown reactions reach such rates that they can not be compensated for and the cell dies. --EOI-- This is the reason high temperatures kill bacteria and other micro organisms;` tissue' breakdown reactions reach such rates that they can not be compensated for and the cell dies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A study conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs, prescription and over-the-counter. --EOI-- A study done by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration covered over 100 drugs, prescription and over-the-counter. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Preservatives and antioxidants may be incorporated into some food and drug products to extend their shelf life. --EOI-- Preservatives and antioxidants may be put into some food and drug products to make their shelf life longer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Joel Davis, a former FDA expiration-date compliance chief, said that with a handful of exceptions- notably nitroglycerin, insulin and some liquid antibiotics- most expired drugs are probably effective. --EOI-- Joel Davis, a former FDA expiration-date compliance chief, said that with a handful of exceptions- notably nitroglycerin, insulin and some liquid antibiotics- most expired drugs are probably effective. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ebola is the virus Ebolavirus (EBOV), a viral genus, and the disease Ebola hemorrhagic fever (EHF), a viral hemorrhagic fever (VHF). --EOI-- People who get infected with Ebola virus get the disease Ebola hemorrhagic fever. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Camphor, an insect repellent, can also be used in mothballs. --EOI-- Camphor, an insect repellent, can also be used in mothballs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Older mothballs consisted primarily of naphthalene, but due to naphthalene's flammability, modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead. --EOI-- Older mothballs were made primarily of naphthalene. Because naphthalene can catch fire easily, modern mothballs use 1,4-dichlorobenzene instead. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Similar nerve tissue-derived vaccines are still used in some countries, as they are much cheaper than modern cell culture vaccines. --EOI-- Vaccines similar to this are still used today, but other vaccines (growing the virus using cell cultures) are more frequent. --separator-- --simplificataion-- She does not resist strongly, and soon she has given him a medallion (with Ferrando's portrait inside) in exchange for a heart-shaped locket (duet: Il core vi dono-- "I give you my heart "). --EOI-- She gives him a medallion (with Ferrando's portrait inside) in exchange for a heart-shaped locket. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Being less reactive than chlorine but more reactive than iodine, bromine reacts vigorously with metals, especially in the presence of water, to give bromide salts. --EOI-- Bromine is quite reactive. Its reactivity is between chlorine, which is more reactive, and iodine, which is less reactive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Despite the promise of storage and potential reassembly, the core and legs of the sculpture were cut apart during removal. --EOI-- Despite the promise of storage and potential reassembly, the core and legs of the sculpture were cut apart during removal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- From the time of John the Evangelist and Paul of Tarsus there has always been in the Church something like devotion to the love of God, but there is nothing to indicate that, during the first ten centuries of Christianity, any worship was rendered to the wounded Heart of Jesus. --EOI-- From the time of John the Evangelist and Paul of Tarsus within Christianity there have always been various devotions to the love of God, but there is nothing to indicate that, during the first ten centuries of Christianity, any specific devotion was rendered to the wounded Heart of Jesus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The death of Margaret Mary Alacoque on October 17, 1690, did not dampen the zeal of those interested; on the contrary, a short account of her life published by Father Croiset in 1691, as an appendix to his book "De la DÃ votion au SacrÃ CÅ "ur ", served only to increase it. --EOI-- The death of Margaret Mary, October 17, 1690, did not dampen the zeal of those interested; on the contrary, a short account of her life published by Father Croiset in 1691, as an appendix to his book "De la DÃ votion au SacrÃ CÅ "ur ", served only to increase it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bird and reptile eggs consist of a protective eggshell, albumen (egg white), and vitellus (egg yolk), contained within various thin membranes. --EOI-- Most eggs that are eaten by humans, including birds' eggs and turtle's eggs, have a protective, oval eggshell, the albumen (egg white), the vitellus (egg yolk), and various thin membranes, that are layers like skin. Every part of the egg is edible, although the eggshell is usually thrown away. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stan and Kyle meet Wendy at Stark's Pond and she suggests using the machine lodged inside of Cartman to contact the aliens. To lure the aliens back, the children tie Cartman to a tree and, the next time he farts, an 80 foot (24 m) satellite dish emerges from his rear. --EOI-- Stan, Kyle and Wendy meet at Stark's Pondand Wendy suggests that they use the device in Cartman's rear-end to contact the aliens, the boys tie Cartman to a tree and a 80 foot Satellite dish emerges from Cartman's rear-end. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Off the ice, Neely's personal family tragedies, with both his parents dying of cancer, have made him very aware of those whose circumstances are less fortunate than his own. Today, Neely remains active in the Cam Neely Foundation run in conjunction with the New England Medical Center, where patients and their families avail themselves of accommodation at the "Neely House " while undergoing cancer treatments. --EOI-- Both of Neely's parents died of cancer and he set up the Cam Neely Foundation and helps cancer patients live in accommodation at the "Neely House " while undergoing cancer treatments. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In other works, shields consist of a device that generates an energy barrier in the shape of a traditional shield (as opposed to the more typical skin-tight or globular "shields " described above) and used in much the same way, such as the "beam shields " (based on beam saber technology) of Gundam F-91 and later works in the Universal Century timeline, or the shields carried by some of the battle droids in the climactic land battle in Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace. Such shields, whether composed of matter or energy, are typically able to block most or all attacks from weapons comparable in size to the shield, i.e. personal shields are typically impenetrable by personal weapons but not to larger vehicle or ship weapons, while the shields used by mobile suits in the various Gundam anime can block mobile suit weapons and tank guns and some battleship weapons; because of their limited coverage, however, shields are generally depicted as ineffective against area-affecting attacks like grenades and other explosives, and of limited or no use when attacked by surprise or from multiple directions. --EOI-- Shields were used even after gunpowder weapons. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Named for their prominent barbels, which resemble a cat's whiskers, catfish range in size and behavior from the heaviest and longest, the Mekong giant catfish from Southeast Asia and the second longest, the wels catfish of Eurasia, to detritivores (species that eat dead material on the bottom), and even to a tiny parasitic species commonly called the candiru, Vandellia cirrhosa. --EOI-- They range in size from the heaviest, the Mekong Giant Catfish to the longest, the Wels catfish found in Eurasia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Roux's research was based upon the notion of Entwicklungsmechanik or developmental mechanics: he investigated the mechanisms of functional adaptations of bones, cartilage, and tendons to malformation and disease. --EOI-- Roux's research was based upon the notion of Entwicklungsmechanik or developmental mechanics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band got its name from the UFOs and various aerial phenomena that were reported by Allied aircraft pilots in World War II, which were known collectively as foo fighters. Prior to the release of the Foo Fighters' 1995 debut album Foo Fighters, which featured Grohl as the only official member, Grohl drafted bassist Nate Mendel and drummer William Goldsmith, both formerly of Sunny Day Real Estate, as well as fellow Nirvana touring bandmate Pat Smear as guitarist to complete the lineup. --EOI-- Before Grohl was a member of Foo Fighters, he was the drummer for the popular grunge band, Nirvana. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The latter are usually organic or inorganic substances that are products of metabolism, and include crystals, oil drops, gums, tannins, resins and other compounds that can aid the organism in defense, maintenance of cellular structure, or just substance storage. --EOI-- These are usually organic or inorganic substances that are products of metabolism, and include crystals, oil drops, gums, tannins, resins and other compounds that can help the organism in defense, maintenance of cellular structure, or just substance storage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The other Kelly Gang members died in the hotel; Joe Byrne perished as a result of loss of blood from a gunshot wound that severed his femoral artery as he allegedly stood at the bar pouring himself a glass of whisky, Dan Kelly and Steve Hart committed suicide (according to witness Matthew Gibney). --EOI-- Joe Byrne died from loss of blood because a gunshot cut his femoral artery. Dan Kelly and Steve Hart may have killed themselves. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Basement rock is too infertile to be farmed, but provides sporadic forest cover that can be grazed by animals. --EOI-- Basement rock is too infertile to be farmed, but provides sporadic forest cover that can be grazed by animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Maya cities of the northern lowlands in YucatÃ n continued to flourish for centuries more; some of the important sites in this era were Chichen Itza, Uxmal, EdznÃ, and Coba. --EOI-- Some of the important sites in this era were Chichen Itza, Uxmal, EdznÃ, and Coba. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The disease may also be spread through blood transfusion and organ transplantation, ingestion of food contaminated with parasites, and from a mother to her fetus. --EOI-- Humans are usually infected because they are bitten by a blood-sucking bug of the subfamily Triatominae, but the disease can also be spread by blood transfusion, organ transplantation, or by easting food contaminated with the parasite. Pregnant women may spread it to the fetus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chagas disease (,, mal de Chagas in both languages; also called American trypanosomiasis) is a tropical parasitic disease caused by the flagellate protozoan Trypanosoma cruzi. --EOI-- Chagas disease is a disease caused by the parasite Trypanosoma cruzi. The disease is also known as American trypanosomiasis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In human anatomy, the clavicle or collar bone is a long bone of short length that serves as a strut between the scapula and the sternum. It is the only long bone in body that lies horizontally. --EOI-- The clavicle is a long bone that is part of the shoulder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Even though it is classified as a long bone, the clavicle has no medullary (bone marrow) cavity like other long bones. It is made up of spongy (trabecular) bone with a shell of compact bone. --EOI-- The clavicle is made from sponge-like bone, called cancellous bone, and is covered with a hard shell of bone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An electronegative atom such as fluorine, oxygen, or nitrogen is a hydrogen bond acceptor, regardless of whether it is bonded to a hydrogen atom or not. An example of a hydrogen bond donor is ethanol, which has a hydrogen bonded to oxygen; an example of a hydrogen bond acceptor which does not have a hydrogen atom bonded to it is the oxygen atom on diethyl ether. --EOI-- This type of bond always involves a hydrogen atom. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Microbial mats were abundant on the shallow seabed until the Cambrian substrate revolution, when animals living in shallow seas increased their burrowing capabilities and thus broke up the surfaces of mats and let oxygenated water into the deeper layers, poisoning the oxygen-intolerant micro-organisms that lived there. --EOI-- Microbial mats were abundant on the shallow seabed until the Cambrian substrate revolution, when animals living in shallow seas increased their burrowing capabilities and thus broke up the surfaces of mats and let oxygenated water into the deeper layers, poisoning the oxygen-intolerant micro-organisms that lived there. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a result of this Cambrian substrate revolution, marine microbial mats are confined to environments in which burrowing is non-existent or negligible: very harsh environments, such as hyper-saline lagoons or brackish estuaries, which are uninhabitable for the burrowing organisms that broke up the mats; rocky "floors " which the burrowers can not penetrate; the depths of the oceans, where burrowing activity today is at a similar level to that in the shallow coastal seas before the revolution. --EOI-- Microbial mats were abundant on the shallow seabed until the Cambrian substrate revolution, when animals living in shallow seas increased their burrowing capabilities and thus broke up the surfaces of mats and let oxygenated water into the deeper layers, poisoning the oxygen-intolerant micro-organisms that lived there. Although this revolution drove mats off soft floors of shallow seas, they still flourish in many environments where burrowing is limited or impossible, including rocky seabeds and shores, hyper-saline and brackish lagoons, and are found on the floors of the deep oceans. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mario R. Capecchi, Martin J. Evans and Oliver Smithies were declared laureates of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on "principles for introducing specific gene modifications in mice by the use of embryonic stem cells ", or gene targeting. --EOI-- Mario R. Capecchi, Martin J. Evans and Oliver Smithies were declared laureates of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on "principles for introducing specific gene modifications in mice by the use of embryonic stem cells ", or gene targeting. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Zuiderzee Works are a manmade system of dams, land reclamation and water drainage works, the largest hydraulic engineering project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century. --EOI-- The Zuiderzeewerken (Zuiderzee Works) are a system of dams, land reclamation and water drainage works, a project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The medulla contains the cardiac, respiratory, vomiting and vasomotor centers and deals with autonomic, involuntary functions, such as breathing, heart rate and blood pressure. --EOI-- The medulla contains the cardiac, respiratory, vomiting and vasomotor centers and deals with autonomic functions, such as breathing, heart rate and blood pressure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Liver cancer or hepatic cancer is properly considered to be a cancer which starts in the liver, as opposed to a cancer which originates in another organ and migrates to the liver, known as a liver metastasis. For a thorough understanding of liver cancer it is important to have an understanding of how the liver functions. --EOI-- Liver cancer are malignant tumors on\/in a liver. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This idea exists today within the Level 4 and Level 5 practices of the Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI). --EOI-- This idea exists today within the Level 4 and Level 5 practices of the Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since bismuth (III) iodide is insoluble in water, an aqueous solution can be tested for the presence of Bi3+ ions by adding a source of iodide such as potassium iodide. A black precipitate of bismuth (III) iodide indicates a positive test. --EOI-- Bismuth ions form a dark gray precipitate when reacted with potassium iodide because bismuth (III) iodide was made. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Courtney Michelle Love (born Courtney Michelle Harrison; July 9, 1964) is an American vocalist, lyricist, musician and actress, perhaps best known as frontwoman and rhythm guitarist for alternative rock band Hole. --EOI-- Courtney Michelle Love (born Courtney Michelle Harrison on July 9, 1964) is an American rock musician and Golden Globe-nominated actress. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most industrially produced sodium carbonate is soda ash, sodium carbonate anhydrate Na2CO3, which is obtained by calcination (dry heating at temperatures of 150 to 200Â C) of sodium bicarbonate, sodium carbonate monohydrate, or trona. --EOI-- Most human-made sodium carbonate is soda ash, sodium carbonate anhydrate Na2CO3, which is obtained by calcination (dry heating at temperatures of 150 to 200Â C) of sodium bicarbonate, sodium carbonate monohydrate, or trona. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The mineral was mixed into early antiseptics for wounds and minor cuts. --EOI-- The mineral was mixed into early antiseptics for wounds and minor cuts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This recrystallization from decahydrate to monohydrate releases much crystal water in a mostly clear, colorless salt solution with little solid thermonatrite. --EOI-- This releases a mostly clear, colorless salty kind of water with a little solid thermonatrite. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Natron is a naturally occurring mixture of sodium carbonate decahydrate (Na2CO3Â 10H2O, a kind of soda ash) and about 17% sodium bicarbonate (also called nahcolite or baking soda, NaHCO3) along with small quantities of household salt (halite, sodium chloride) and sodium sulfate. --EOI-- Natron is a natural mixture of sodium carbonate decahydrate (Na2CO3Â 10H2O, a kind of soda ash) and about 17% sodium bicarbonate (also called nahcolite or baking soda, NaHCO3) along with small amounts of household salt (halite, sodium chloride) and sodium sulfate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sipunculans have a body wall somewhat similar to that of annelids (though unsegmented) in that it consists of a non-ciliated epidermis overlain by a cuticle, an outer layer of circular and an inner layer of longitudinal musculature. The body wall surrounds the coelom that is filled with fluid on which the body wall musculature acts as a hydrostatic skeleton to extend or contract the animal. --EOI-- Sipunculans have a coelom (body cavity), and a body wall somewhat similar to that of annelids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Mexican Fritillary is brighter orange, the upper side of its hind wing basal area is unmarked, and the underside of its wings is plainer, with no submarginal spots or median black lines. --EOI-- The upper side of its hind wing has more orange. The underside of its wings is plainer, with no submarginal spots or median black lines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After getting up on his feet with a worried face, Michaels said to Flair "I'm sorry, I love you, " before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 35-year long wrestling career. --EOI-- After getting up on his feet with a worried face, Michaels said to Flair "I'm sorry, I love you ", before nailing a final Sweet Chin Music and thus pinning Flair to end his 36-year long wrestling career. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The match featured Chris Jericho, Mr. Kennedy, and Carlito from the Raw brand; CM Punk, Shelton Benjamin and John Morrison from the ECW brand; and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) from the SmackDown brand. --EOI-- The next match of the evening was the fourth-yearly Money in the Bank ladder match, featuring Chris Jericho, Mr. Kennedy and Carlito from the Raw brand; CM Punk, Shelton Benjamin and John Morrison from the ECW brand; and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) from the SmackDown brand. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After Big Show dropped to his knees, Mayweather attacked him with a combination of punches, which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth. --EOI-- Big Show then got on his knees to allow Mayweather to punch him, which Mayweather did, by hitting him with many different punches, which caused Big Show to bleed from the nose and mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When MVP was close to retrieving the contract briefcase, Matt Hardy (returning to action after suffering a legitimate injury), entered the ring from the crowd, climbed the ladder, and delivered a Twist of Fate to MVP off that ladder. --EOI-- When MVP was close of finding the contract briefcase, Matt Hardy returned to action through the crowd, entered the ring and delivered the Twist of Fate to MVP off the ladder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- in January 2007, ending production in March without rhythm guitarist Hunter Lamb (who left the band early in 2007 after getting married); without Lamb, lead guitarist Josh Farro was required to play both guitar parts on the album. --EOI-- in January 2007. In the recording process, guitarist Josh Farro was played all guitar parts on the album due to Hunter Lamb's departure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sodium phosphide is also employed commercially as a catalyst in conjunction with zinc phosphide and aluminium phosphide for polymer production. --EOI-- Sodium phosphide is a chemical compound. It contains sodium and phosphide ions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Zedoary has been used to treat coronary heart disease, liver cancer, anemia, chronic pelvic inflammation and helps prevent leukopenia due to cancer therapies. --EOI-- Zedoary has been used to treat coronary heart disease, liver cancer, anemia, chronic pelvic inflammation and helps prevent leukopenia due to cancer therapies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines, where it is reputed to be an aid to digestion, a relief for colic and an agent for purifying the blood. --EOI-- Zedoary is also used in some traditional eastern medicines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These include John Humphrys, who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to BBC Radio 4's Today program, which he presents, John Sweeney of Panorama, and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content. --EOI-- These include John Humphrys, who argued that BBC Three and BBC Four should be shut down in the face of budget cuts to Radio 4's Today program, which he presents, John Sweeney of Panorama, and Jeremy Paxman are among other journalists have also criticised the channel and its content. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "We reaffirm, as an essential foundation of the Information Society, and as outlined in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, that everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; that this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers. --EOI--  "We reaffirm, as an essential foundation of the Information Society, and as outlined in Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, that everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; that this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The hypothalamus is located below the thalamus, just above the brain stem. --EOI-- The word hypothalamus is a Greek word which means "under the thalamus "; it is used because hypothalamus is located below the thalamus, and above the brain stem. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another opsin found in the mammalian retina, melanopsin, is involved in circadian rhythms and pupillary reflex but not in image-forming. --EOI-- Another opsin found in the mammalian retina, melanopsin, is involved in circadian rhythms and pupillary reflex but not in image-forming. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On October 7 against the Tennessee Titans, Gandy suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee, causing him to miss the remainder of the season. --EOI-- On October 7, Gandy hurt his left knee while playing against the Tennessee Titans; he tore what is called an anterior cruciate ligament, which kept him from playing any more games for the rest of the season. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lens manufacturers such as ARRI Media, ISCO Precision Optics, Schneider, Carl Zeiss AG, Canon and others still make variable focal length cine and video lenses regularly catalogued as variable prime lenses. A variable prime is sometimes distinguished from a "true zoom " in that the latter maintains focus as the focal length is varied. --EOI-- It is easier to make fixed focal lenses than to include them in a variable focus lens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many children with Spinal Muscular Atrophy develop pectus excavatum due to the diaphragmatic breathing that is common with the disease. Because the heart is located behind the sternum, and because individuals with pectus excavatum have been shown to have visible deformities of the heart (seen both on radiological imaging and after autopsies), it has been hypothesized that there is impairment of function of the cardiovascular system in individuals with pectus excavatum. --EOI-- Pectus excavatum happens in about 1 in every 150 children. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the backstory, FBI special agent Will Graham, who investigated Lecter's murders but was unaware of his involvement, initially consulted Lecter about the case before realizing he was the culprit; Lecter nearly killed Graham when he was captured. The plot finds Graham consulting Lecter in order to catch another serial killer, Francis Dolarhyde, known by the nickname "The Tooth Fairy ". --EOI-- Will Graham, the agent who caught Lecter, is at first very offended by Lecter's demeanor, but comes to appreciate his help when Lecter gives him insight into the way Dolarhyde's mind works. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The unglazed color after firing can vary widely, but most common clays contain enough iron to cause an orange, orangish red, or brownish orange color, with this range including various colors described as "terracotta ". --EOI-- The unglazed color after firing can vary widely, but most common clays contain enough iron to cause an orange, orangish red, or brownish orange color, with this range including various colors described as "terracotta ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cells typically have two slightly unequal flagella, both of which are smooth, and a unique organelle called a haptonema, which is superficially similar to a flagellum but differs in the arrangement of microtubules and in its use. --EOI-- The cells typically have two slightly unequal flagella and a unique organelle called a haptonema. This is is superficially similar to a flagellum, but differs in its arrangement of microtubules, and in its use. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) recognizes arsenic and arsenic compounds as group 1 carcinogens, and the EU lists arsenic trioxide, arsenic pentoxide and arsenate salts as category 1 carcinogens. --EOI-- Arsenic and its compounds are highly toxic. They are carcinogens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A given amount of nitromethane contains less energy than the same amount of methanol, but it requires less oxygen to burn (approximately half), so more of it can be put into an engine during each stroke and this leads to a higher power output. --EOI-- Nitromethane contains less energy than the same amount of methanol, but it requires less oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is sold in syrup, tablet, spray, and lozenge forms. --EOI-- It is sold in syrup, tablet, and lozenge forms, manufactured under several different brand names and generic labels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dextromethorphan (DXM or DM) is an antitussive (cough suppressant) drug. --EOI-- Dextromethorphan (DXM or DM) is a drug. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its mechanism of action is via multiple effects, including actions as a nonselective serotonin reuptake inhibitor and a sigma-1 receptor agonist and the action of its major metabolite dextrorphan as an NMDA receptor antagonist, producing effects similar to those of the controlled substances ketamine and phencyclidine (PCP), as well as the active metabolite 3-methoxymorphinan which produces anesthetic effects in rats with a potency above dextrorphan but below dextromethorphan itself. --EOI-- Its mechanism of action (how it works) is as an NMDA receptor antagonist (blocks a chemical in the brain), producing effects similar to those of the controlled substances ketamine and phencyclidine (PCP). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dextromethorphan has also found other uses in medicine, ranging from pain relief to psychological applications. --EOI-- Dextromethorphan can also be used for pain relief or for psychological conditions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The only album solely credited to the Plastic Ono Band, Live Peace in Toronto 1969, was recorded during the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival on September 13 that year and featured Eric Clapton on lead guitar, Klaus Voorman on bass (an old friend of Lennon's from Germany, who was famous for the cover art of the Beatles' Revolver album), and Alan White (later of Yes) on drums. --EOI-- The second version of the Plastic Ono Band included Ono and Lennon in person, along with musicians Eric Clapton, Klaus Voormann and Alan White. They performed together at a rock concert in Toronto in September 1969, and it was the first time Lennon had played in public with a band other than the Beatles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, Percy forgets to remove her knife, and she manages to free herself, and almost reaches the land, but Percy manages to save her; in doing so, he learns that the Sirens' song made Annabeth see what she wanted most: her parents reunited and Luke converted back to good, all having a picnic, in front a brand new Manhattan, rebuilt by Annabeth. --EOI-- But, Percy forgets to remove her knife. So, she manages to free herself. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Matt Berman, of Common Sense Media, praised the book, saying "The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun, with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist. " --EOI-- Matt Berman, of Common Sense Media, praised the book, saying "The Percy Jackson series continues to be pure fun, with the author doing nearly everything right to produce a book that few kids will be able to resist. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Steve Austin (born Steven James Anderson; December 18, 1964, later and formerly Steven Williams), better known by his ring name "Stone Cold " Steve Austin, is an American film and television actor and professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment. --EOI-- Steve Austin (born Steven Anderson on December 18, 1964, later Steven Williams), better known by his ring name "Stone Cold " Steve Austin is a retired Professional wrestler known for his work within the WWE. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Interestingly, centrioles are not required for the progression of mitosis. --EOI-- Interestingly, centrosomes are not required for the progression of mitosis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the absence of the centrioles the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle. --EOI-- In the absence of the centrosome, the microtubules of the spindle are focused by motors allowing the formation of a bipolar spindle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the centrioles are irradiated by a laser, mitosis proceeds normally with a morphologically normal spindle. --EOI-- When the centrosomes are irradiated by a laser, mitosis proceeds with a normal spindle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the prophase in the process of cell division called mitosis, the centrosomes migrate to opposite poles of the cell. --EOI-- During the prophase of mitosis, the centrosomes migrate to opposite poles of the cell. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Flax fibers are amongst the oldest fiber crops in the world. The use of flax for the production of linen goes back at least to ancient Egyptian times. --EOI-- The fibers of flax are used to make linen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A woman experiences full orgasm when her uterus, vagina, anus, and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions. --EOI-- When a woman experiences full orgasm, her uterus, vagina, anus, and pelvic muscles undergo a series of rhythmic contractions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Described as a "trailblazer, a child prodigy, a loner who rebelled against dress codes for womenâ " the pool equivalent of Billie Jean King ", she is a five-time Billiards Congress of America (BCA) Player of the Year, was the youngest inductee into the BCA Hall of Fame and the second woman given the honor, and was ranked fifteenth on Billiard Digest's Fifty Greatest Players of the (20th) Century. --EOI-- She has been described as a "trailblazer, a child prodigy, a loner who rebelled against dress codes for womenâ " the pool equivalent of Billie Jean King. " Balukas was named Billiards Congress of America (BCA) Player of the Year five times. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The authors suggested that Allosaurus used its skull like a hatchet against prey, attacking open-mouthed, slashing flesh with its teeth, and tearing it away without splintering bones, unlike Tyrannosaurus, which is thought to have been capable of damaging bones. --EOI-- The authors suggested that Allosaurus used its skull like a hatchet against prey, attacking open-mouthed, slashing flesh with its teeth, and tearing it away without splintering bones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is dramatic evidence for allosaur attacks on Stegosaurus, including an Allosaurus tail vertebra with a partially healed puncture wound that fits a Stegosaurus tail spike, and a Stegosaurus neck plate with a U-shaped wound that correlates well with an Allosaurus snout. --EOI-- An Allosaurus tail vertebra has been found with a partially healed puncture which fits a Stegosaurus tail spike. Also, there is a Stegosaurus neck plate with a U-shaped wound that correlates well with an Allosaurus snout. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The playing style complemented the singing style of the choir in the cantatas and passions and their performances of the St Matthew Passionâ "and sometimes the St John Passionâ "were eagerly awaited annual events, generally given in prominent London churches. --EOI-- Every Lent they performed one of the two great Bach passions: the St Matthew Passion, or sometimes the St John Passion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After DNA replication, the two sister chromatids align side-by-side and appear to have an undivided centromere, in contrast to mitosis, in which each chromatid appears to have its own separate centromere. --EOI-- Chromatids are the daughter strands of a duplicated chromosome which are joined by a single centromere. When the centromere divides, the chromatids become separate chromosomes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By the mid-19th century, DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf enjoyed a revival thanks to the Industrial Revolution as the city boasted 100,000 inhabitants by 1882; the figure doubled in 1892. --EOI-- In the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century DÃ 1\/4 sseldorf grew a lot and had more than 100,000 inhabitants in 1882. This number had doubled by 1892. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Difficulty breathing is the most serious symptom and results from frequent lung infections that are treated with, though not cured by, antibiotics and other medications. --EOI-- Breathing difficulties are the most common symptom and are a result of frequent lung infections. These are treated, though not always cured, by antibiotics and other medications. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A multitude of other symptoms, including sinus infections, poor growth, diarrhea, and infertility result from the effects of CF on other parts of the body. --EOI-- A large number of symptoms include sinus infections, poor growth, diarrhea and infertility. This is a result from the effects of CF on other parts of the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- CF is caused by a mutation in the gene cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR). --EOI-- CF is caused by a change in a gene called the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR). --separator-- --simplificataion--  "The thing the most bone chilling thing Bill Ayers said to me was that after the revolution succeeded and the government was overthrown, they believed they would have to eliminate 25 million Americans who would not conform to the new order. " --EOI--  "The thing the most bone chilling thing Bill Ayers said to me was that after the revolution succeeded and the government was overthrown, they believed they would have to eliminate 25 million Americans who would not conform to the new order. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like most molluscs, cephalopods use hemocyanin, a copper-containing protein, rather than hemoglobin, to transport oxygen. --EOI-- Like most molluscs, cephalopods use hemocyanin, a copper-containing protein, rather than hemoglobin to transport oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The giant nerve fibers of the cephalopod mantle have been widely used as experimental material in neurophysiology for many years; their large diameter (due to lack of myelination) makes them relatively easy to study. --EOI-- The giant nerve fibers of the cephalopod mantle have been a favorite experimental material for many years; their large diameter makes them easier to study. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Animals whose teeth are all of the same type, such as most non-mammalian vertebrates, are said to have homodont dentition, whereas those whose teeth differ morphologically are said to have heterodont dentition. The dentition of animals with two successions of teeth (deciduous, permanent) is referred to as diphyodont, while the dentition of animals with only one set of teeth throughout life is monophyodont. --EOI-- Dentition is the development of teeth and where the teeth are in the mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The specialised teeth- incisors, canines, premolars, and molars- are found in the same order in every mammal. --EOI-- Almost all mammals have up to four different types of teeth: incisors, canines, premolars, and molars. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Animals that have two sets of teeth, one followed by the other, are said to be diphyodont. Normally the dental formula for milk teeth is the same as for adult teeth except that the molars are missing. --EOI-- Animals that have milk teeth and adult teeth are called diphyodont. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Physiological healing is the restoration of damaged living tissue to normal function. It is the process by which the cells in the body regenerate and repair to reduce the size of a damaged or necrotic area. --EOI-- Through healing, cells are able to repair damaged tissue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In anatomy, a ganglion (; plural ganglia) is a biological tissue mass, most commonly a mass of nerve cell bodies. --EOI-- In anatomy, a ganglion (plural ganglia) is a biological tissue mass, part of the nervous system. It is a mass of nerve cell bodies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Carbon fixation refers to any process through which gaseous carbon dioxide is converted into a solid compound. --EOI-- Carbon fixation is a process by which gaseous carbon dioxide is converted into a solid compound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren, which ended in the first half of the 19th century. --EOI-- In this time falls the beginning of iron ore mining in and around IbbenbÃ 1\/4 ren, which ended in the first half of the 19th century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Jane Seymour, OBE (born Joyce Penelope Wilhelmina Frankenberg; 15 February 1951) is an English actress well-known for her roles as the Bond girl in the 1973 James Bond film Live and Let Die, the 1990s American television series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman, and its telefilm sequels. --EOI-- Jane Seymour OBE (born Joyce Penelope Wilhelmina Frankenberg on February 15 1951) is an English actress, maybe most famous today as the co-star of the James Bond movie Live and Let Die and star of the TV series and movie Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A newly constructed East Wing was used as a reception area for social events; Jefferson's colonnades connected the new wings. --EOI-- A newly built East Wing was used as a reception area for social events. Jefferson's colonnades connected the new wings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs; CAS number) are a class of organic compounds with 1 to 10 chlorine atoms attached to biphenyl, which is a molecule composed of two benzene rings. The chemical formula for PCBs isC12H10-xClx. --EOI-- Polychlorinated biphenyls (often shortened to PCBs) are organic chemical compounds that contain chlorine atoms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dust mite excretion, pollen and pet dander are all common allergens, but it is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume to royal jelly. --EOI-- Dust, pollen and pet dander are all common allergens. It is possible to be allergic to anything from chlorine to perfume. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Food allergies are not as common as food sensitivity, but some foods such as peanuts (a legume), nuts, seafood and shellfish are the cause of serious allergies in many people. --EOI-- Food allergies are not as common, but some foods, like peanuts, nuts, seafood and shellfish cause serious allergies in lots of people. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It consists of 291 GE 1.5 MW wind turbines and 130 Siemens 2.3 MW wind turbines spread over nearly 47,000 acres (190 kmÂ) of land in Taylor and Nolan County, Texas. --EOI-- It consists of 291 GE 1.5 MW wind turbines and 130 Siemens 2.3 MW wind turbines spread over nearly 47,000 acres (190 kmÂ) of land in Taylor and Nolan County, Texas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Multicellular organisms, especially long-living animals, also face the challenge of cancer, which occurs when cells fail to regulate their growth within the normal program of development. --EOI-- Multicellular organisms, especially long-living animals, also face the challenge of cancer, which occurs when cells fail to regulate their growth within the normal program of development. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In vertebrate animal cells nearly all) 100,000 DNA transposons per genome have genes that encode inactive transposase polypeptides. --EOI-- In vertebrate animal cells nearly all the 100,000+ DNA transposons in a genome code for inactive transposase polypeptides. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Transposons themselves are assigned to one of two classes according to their mechanism of transposition, which can be described as either "copy and paste " (class I) or "cut and paste " (class II). --EOI-- Transposons themselves are of two types according to their mechanism, which can be either "copy and paste " (class I) or "cut and paste " (class II). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bacteria may undergo high rates of gene deletion as part of a mechanism to remove transposons and viruses from their genomes while eukaryotic organisms use RNA interference (RNAi) to inhibit transposon activity. --EOI-- Bacteria may use gene deletion to remove transposons and viruses from their genomes while eukaryotic organisms use RNA interference (RNAi) to inhibit transposon activity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities, leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor. --EOI-- Various viruses and transposons also share features in their genome structures and biochemical abilities, leading to speculation that they share a common ancestor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Transposons may have been co-opted by the vertebrate immune system as a means of producing antibody diversity: The V (D) J recombination system operates by a mechanism similar to that of transposons. --EOI-- Transposons may have been co-opted by the vertebrate immune system as a means of producing antibody diversity: The V (D) J recombination system operates by a mechanism similar to that of transposons. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Transposition can create phenotypically significant mutations and alter the cell's genome size. --EOI-- Transposition can create significant mutations and alter the cell's genome size. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ocelli (pit-type eyes of arthropods) blur the image across the whole retina, and are consequently excellent at responding to rapid changes in light intensity across the whole visual field; this fast response is further accelerated by the large nerve bundles which rush the information to the brain. --EOI-- Ocelli (pit-type eyes of arthropods) blur the image across the whole retina. They are very good at responding to rapid changes in light intensity across the whole visual fieldâ " this fast response is accelerated even more by the large nerve bundles which rush the information to the brain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Focusing the image would also cause the sun's image to be focused on a few receptors, with the possibility of damage under the intense light; shielding the receptors would block out some light and thus reduce their sensitivity. --EOI-- Focusing the image would also cause the sun's image to be focused on a few receptors. These could possibly be damaged by the intense light; shielding the receptors would block out some light and reduce their sensitivity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The resolution of pit eyes can be greatly improved by incorporating a material with a higher refractive index to form a lens, which may greatly reduce the blur radius encounteredâ " hence increasing the resolution obtainable. --EOI-- The resolution of pit eyes can be improved a lot by adding a material to make a lens. This will reduce the radius of the blurring, and increase the resolution that can be achieved. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ocelli of insects bear a simple lens, but their focal point always lies behind the retina; consequently they can never form a sharp image. --EOI-- The ocelli of insects have a simple lens, but their focal point always lies behind the retina. They can never form a sharp image. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Good fliers like flies or honey bees, or prey-catching insects like praying mantis or dragonflies, have specialized zones of ommatidia organized into a fovea area which gives acute vision. --EOI-- Good fliers like flies or honey bees, or prey-catching insects like praying mantis or dragonflies, have specialized zones of ommatidia organized into a fovea area which gives sharp vision. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The scallop Pecten has up to 100 millimeter-scale reflector eyes fringing the edge of its shell. --EOI-- The scallop Pecten has up to 100 millimeter-scale reflector eyes fringing the edge of its shell. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is now widely agreed that conodonts had large eyes, fins with fin rays, chevron-shaped muscles and a notochord. --EOI-- It is now widely agreed that conodonts had large eyes, fins with fin rays, chevron-shaped muscles and a notochord. --separator-- --simplificataion-- M. leprae is an aerobic rod-shaped (bacillus) surrounded by the characteristic waxy coating unique to mycobacteria. --EOI-- M. leprae is a gram-positive, aerobic rod surrounded by the characteristic waxy coating unique to Mycobacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mycobacterium leprae, also known as Hansenâ s coccus spirilly, mostly found in warm tropical countries, is a bacterium that causes leprosy (Hansen's disease). --EOI-- Mycobacterium leprae is a bacteria. It is causes the disease, leprosy, also known as Hanson's Disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Due to the lingering animosity, Mayweather announced that Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) and Mark Henry would receive a match against The Big Show and his tag team partner, Chris Jericho, for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship at Breaking Point, provided they defeat them in an exhibition match that night; MVP and Henry gained their chance after Mayweather gave MVP brass knuckles while the referee was distracted, to knock out and pin Jericho for the win. --EOI-- Due to lingering bitterness from their WrestleMania match, Mayweather announced an exhibition match between Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) and Mark Henry versus Unified Tag Team Champions Big Show and Chris Jericho, with an added stipulation that if MVP and Henry won they would face Show and Jericho for the Unified Tag Team Championship at Breaking Point. During the match MVP and Henry gained their chance when Mayweather handed MVP brass knuckles to knock Jericho out and pin Jericho for the win. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Though bronze is generally harder than wrought iron, with Vickers hardness of 60â "258 vs. 30â "80, the Bronze Age gave way to the Iron Age; this happened because iron was easier to find and easier to process. Bronze was still used during the Iron Age, for example officers in the Roman army had bronze swords while foot soldiers had iron, but, for many purposes, the weaker wrought iron was found to be sufficiently strong. --EOI-- When people learned how to make and work iron, the Bronze Age ended, and the Iron Age started. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In biology, a filament is a long chain of protein subunits, such as those found in hair, muscle, or in flagella. --EOI-- In biology, a filament is a long chain of proteins, such as those found in hair, muscle, or in flagella. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the 2000s, some of the active topics have been the role of gene duplication in the emergence of novel gene function, the extent of adaptive molecular evolution versus neutral drift, and the identification of molecular changes responsible for various human characteristics especially those pertaining to infection, disease, and cognition. --EOI-- In the 2000s, the role of gene duplication, the extent of adaptive molecular evolution versus neutral genetic drift, and the identification of molecular changes responsible for various human characteristics especially those pertaining to infection, disease, and cognition. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some of the key topics that spurred development of the field have been the evolution of enzyme function, the use of nucleic acid divergence as a "molecular clock " to study species divergence, and the origin of noncoding DNA. --EOI-- Some of the key topics have been the evolution of enzyme function, the use of nucleic acid changes as a molecular clock to study species divergence, and the origin of non-functional or junk DNA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Molecular evolution emerged as a scientific field in the 1960s as researchers from molecular biology, evolutionary biology and population genetics sought to understand recent discoveries on the structure and function of nucleic acids and protein. --EOI-- Molecular evolution emerged as a scientific field in the 1960s as researchers from molecular biology, evolutionary biology and population genetics sought to understand the structure and function of nucleic acids and protein. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When chlorine gas is passed through iodine crystals, one observes the brown vapor of iodine monochloride. Dark brown iodine monochloride liquid is collected. --EOI-- Iodine monochloride, also known as iodine (I) chloride, is a chemical compound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cytoplasm is a thick liquid residing between the cell membrane holding organelles, except for the nucleus. --EOI-- It refers to both the cytosol (the actual liquid), a cells organelles, but not the nucleus (or the cell membrane). The cytoplasm surrounds the nucleus, and is home to the other organelles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cytoplasm has three major elements; the cytosol, organelles and inclusions. --EOI-- The cytoplasm surrounds the nucleus, and is home to the other organelles. The cytoplasm consists mainly of cytosol, and crucial chemical reactions happen with it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A cadre of young military officers, led by Mustafa Kemal AtatÃ 1\/4 rk, organized a successful resistance to the Allies; in 1923, they would establish the modern Republic of Turkey with AtatÃ 1\/4 rk as its first president. --EOI-- AtatÃ 1\/4 rk made many changes that made Turkey more modern. --separator-- --simplificataion-- (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see Appendix F: Concentration Camps: EndlÃ sungâ "The Final Solution; Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people, see). --EOI-- (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see Appendix F: Concentration Camps: EndlÃ sungâ "The Final Solution; Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people, see). --separator-- --simplificataion-- These surveys, collectively referred to as the Kitava Study, found that this population apparently did not suffer from stroke, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, obesity or hypertension. --EOI-- These studies, called the Kitava Study, found that these people apparently did not suffer from stroke, ischemic heart disease, diabetes, obesity or hypertension. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mercury (II) chloride or mercuric chloride (formerly corrosive sublimate), is the chemical compound with the formula HgCl2. --EOI-- Mercury (II) chloride, also known as mercuric chloride and corrosive sublimate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is HgCl2. --separator-- --simplificataion-- That for the Sovereign Head is gold with arms of white enamel and the embellishments rendered in gold, all surmounted by a jeweled St. Edward's Crown, while those for the officers of the order are the same save for the Grand Prior's having the crown made only of gold; the Lord Prior's having in place of the St. Edward's Crown the coronet in gold of Albert Edward, Prince of Wales; and the Prelate's having instead a representation of a Mitre in gold. --EOI-- That for the Sovereign Head is gold with arms of white enamel and the embellishments rendered in gold, all surmounted by a jeweled St. Edward's Crown, while those for the officers of the order are the same save for the Grand Prior's having the crown made only of gold; the Lord Prior's having in place of the St. Edward's Crown the coronet in gold of Albert Edward, Prince of Wales; and the Prelate's having instead a representation of a Mitre in gold. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The sopra (or supra) vest is a long drape of thin, black cloth that buttons close down the neck and to one side, falling to the ankles and cut so as to entirely cover the body. --EOI-- The sopra (or supra) vest is a long drape of thin, black cloth that buttons close down the neck and to one side, falling to the ankles and cut so as to entirely cover the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1877, the order established at large railway centres and mining districts various St. John Ambulance associations, so that railway men and colliers could learn how to treat victims of accidents; in 1882, the Grand Priory founded a hospice and ophthalmic dispensary in Jerusalem (Known today as the St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital Group); and by 1887, had created the St. John Ambulance Brigade, which undertook practical and life-saving work. --EOI-- In 1877, the order established at large railway centres and mining districts various St. John Ambulance associations, so that railway men and colliers could learn how to treat victims of accidents; in 1882, the Grand Priory founded a hospice and ophthalmic dispensary in Jerusalem (Known today as the St. John of Jerusalem Eye Hospital Group); and by 1887, had created the St. John Ambulance Brigade, which undertook practical and life-saving work. --separator-- --simplificataion-- All Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross may wear their badges either at the left hip on a 101.6 m (for men) or 82.5 m (for women) wide, black watered silk ribbon over the right shoulder or from a 16.5 m wide black band at the collar. --EOI-- All Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross may wear their badges either at the left hip on a 101.6 m (for men) or 82.5 m (for women) wide, black watered silk ribbon over the right shoulder or from a 16.5 m wide black band at the collar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The issue of the order's Christian character and the issue of "inclusive membership " was dealt with in the Grand Council's Pro Fide Report in 2005, wherein it was said that the order's life is shaped by Christian faith and values, but that " (r) ather than the emphasis being primarily upon` spiritual beliefs or doctrine' it is on works of mercy rendered through St. John "; therefore, while the Great Officers are required to profess the Christian faith, the same is "not an essential condition of membership " and " (t) he onus is on the man or woman who is invited to the privilege of membership to decide whether he or she can with a good conscience promise to be faithful to the stated aims and purposes of this Christian lay order of chivalry. " --EOI-- The issue of the order's Christian character and the issue of "inclusive membership " was dealt with in the Grand Council's Pro Fide Report in 2005, wherein it was said that the order's life is shaped by Christian faith and values, but that " (r) ather than the emphasis being primarily upon` spiritual beliefs or doctrine' it is on works of mercy rendered through St. John "; therefore, while the Great Officers are required to profess the Christian faith, the same is "not an essential condition of membership " and " (t) he onus is on the man or woman who is invited to the privilege of membership to decide whether he or she can with a good conscience promise to be faithful to the stated aims and purposes of this Christian lay order of chivalry. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Male Knights Justice or Grace must carry their badges on a 16.5 mm wide ribbon at the neck, and Commanders, Officers, and Members have theirs on a 38 m straight ribbon suspended from a medal bar on the left breast, while females in all grades may wear their insignia either on a ribbon bow pinned at the left shoulder or hung from a medal bar in the men's fashion, depending on the circumstance and clothing worn. --EOI-- Male Knights Justice or Grace must carry their badges on a 16.5 mm wide ribbon at the neck, and Commanders, Officers, and Members have theirs on a 38 m straight ribbon suspended from a medal bar on the left breast, while females in all grades may wear their insignia either on a ribbon bow pinned at the left shoulder or hung from a medal bar in the men's fashion, depending on the circumstance and clothing worn. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order's star in white silk: the Sovereign Head, Grand Prior, and those in the first two grades of the order all have a 300 m diameter emblem; the Sovereign's and Grand Prior's are of white silk with gold adornments, the former's also surmounted by a St. Edward's Crown, while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross, Knights and Dames of Justice, and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen, the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk, the latter in white silk. --EOI-- Each cloak also bears on its left side a rendition of the order's star in white silk: the Sovereign Head, Grand Prior, and those in the first two grades of the order all have a 300 m diameter emblem; the Sovereign's and Grand Prior's are of white silk with gold adornments, the former's also surmounted by a St. Edward's Crown, while those for Bailiffs and Dames Grand Cross, Knights and Dames of Justice, and Knights and Dames of Grace are rendered in white linen, the first two groups having embellishments in gold silk, the latter in white silk. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thymol, an antiseptic, is the main active ingredient in Listerine mouthwash. --EOI-- Thymol, an antiseptic, is the main active ingredient in Listerine mouthwash. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta, but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta. --EOI-- Its oxytocin-like effect causes uterine contractions and more rapid delivery of the placenta but this was said by Sheila Kitzinger to cause an increased prevalence of retained placenta. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because it is antiseptic, thyme boiled in water and cooled is very effective against inflammation of the throat when gargled 3 times a day. --EOI-- Because it is antiseptic, thyme boiled in water and cooled is very effective against inflammation of the throat when gargled 3 times a day. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Medicinally thyme is used for respiratory infections in the form of a tincture, tisane, salve, syrup or by steam inhalation. --EOI-- Medicinally thyme is used for respiratory infections in the form of a tincture, tisane, salve, syrup or by steam inhalation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The pollen tube of most seed plants acts as a conduit to transport sperm cells from the pollen grain, either from the stigma (in flowering plants or angiosperms) to the ovules at the base of the pistil, or directly through ovule tissue in some gymnosperms (conifers and gnetophytes). --EOI-- It transports sperm cells from the pollen grain, from the stigma (in flowering plants or angiosperms) to the ovules at the base of the pistil. In some gymnosperms (conifers and gnetophytes) sperms move directly through ovule tissue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In angiosperms the pollen tube germinates from the pollen grain and grows the entire length through the stigma, style, ovary and ovules to reach the eggs. --EOI-- In angiosperms the pollen tube germinates from the pollen grain and grows the entire length through the stigma, style, ovary and ovules to reach the eggs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In other gymnosperms (Ginkgo and cycads) the pollen tube is involved only in nutrient uptake from ovule tissue by the pollen grain, and does not convey sperm cells to the egg. --EOI-- In other gymnosperms (Ginkgo and cycads) the pollen tube is involved only in nutrient uptake from ovule tissue by the pollen grain, and does not convey sperm cells to the egg. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The endosperm is rich in starch, proteins and oils and is a major source of human food (e.g., wheat, barley, rye, oats, corn) --EOI-- The endosperm is rich in starch, proteins and oils and is a major source of human food (e.g., wheat, barley, rye, oats, corn) --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon and through the pupa phase of its life cycle, it will release proteolytic enzymes to make a hole in the cocoon so that it can emerge as a moth. --EOI-- If the animal is allowed to survive after spinning its cocoon, it will make a hole in the cocoon when it exits as a moth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The size of the eyes and the sclerotic rings suggests that Ophthalmosaurus hunted at a depth where there is not much light or that it may have hunted at night when a prey species was more active. --EOI-- The size of the eyes and the sclerotic rings suggests that Ophthalmosaurus hunted at a depth where there is not much light or that it may have hunted at night when a prey species was more active. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The eyes occupied almost all of the space in the skull and were protected by bony plates (sclerotic rings), which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth. --EOI-- They were protected by bony plates (sclerotic rings), which most likely assisted to maintain the shape of the eyeballs against water pressure at depth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To make the chocolate drink, which was served cold, the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste, and mixed it with water, cornmeal, chile peppers, and other ingredients. --EOI-- To make the drink, the Maya ground cocoa seeds into a paste and mixed it with water, cornmeal, chile peppers, and spices. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By using cocoa powder and low amounts of cocoa butter, bar chocolate was then possible to manufacture. --EOI-- By using cocoa powder and a little bit of cocoa butter, bar chocolate was then able to be made. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hot chocolate of this type is commonly sold in circular or hexagonal tablets which can be dissolved into hot milk, water or cream, then blended until the mixture develops a creamy froth. --EOI-- Hot chocolate of this type is often sold in tablets or bars which can be put into hot milk, water or cream. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the United Kingdom, "hot chocolate " is a sweet chocolate drink made with hot milk or water, and powder containing chocolate, sugar, and powdered milk. --EOI-- In the United Kingdom, "hot chocolate " is a sweet chocolate drink made with hot milk or water, and powder with chocolate, sugar, and powdered milk. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Americans use the terms "hot chocolate " and "hot cocoa " interchangeably. In other places, a distinction is made between "hot cocoa ", made from powder made by removing most of the rich cocoa butter from the ground cacao beans, and "hot chocolate ", made directly from bar chocolate, which already contains cocoa, sugar and cocoa butter. --EOI-- Hot chocolate (also called hot cocoa, drinking chocolate or just cocoa) is a hot drink. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This powderâ " much like the instant cocoa powder used todayâ " was easier to stir into milk and water, and led to another very important discovery: solid chocolate. --EOI-- This powderâ " like the cocoa powder used nowâ " was easier to stir into milk and water, and led to solid chocolate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first chocolate beverage is believed to have been created by the Mayan peoples around 2,000 years ago, and a cocoa beverage was an essential part of Aztec culture by 1400 AD. --EOI-- It is believed that the hot chocolate drink was first made by the Mayan people about 2,000 years ago. Another cocoa drink was made by the Aztecs by 1400. --separator-- --simplificataion-- What the Spaniards then called "chocolatl " was said to be a beverage consisting of a chocolate base flavored with vanilla and other spices that was served cold. --EOI-- What the Spanish then called "chocolatl " was said to be a drink made of a chocolate base with vanilla and other spices that was served cold. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thus the major difference between the two is the cocoa butter, whose absence makes hot cocoa significantly lower in fat than hot chocolate, while still preserving all the antioxidants found in chocolate. --EOI-- The biggest difference between the two is the cocoa butter, which makes hot cocoa have less fat than hot chocolate, so it is better for one's health. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In other places, a distinction is made between "hot cocoa ", made from powder made by removing most of the rich cocoa butter from the ground cacao beans, and "hot chocolate ", made directly from bar chocolate, which already contains cocoa, sugar and cocoa butter. --EOI--  "Hot cocoa " is made from a mix of cocoa, sugar and ingredients, all powdered, to make the drink thick without cocoa butter. "Hot chocolate " is made right from bars of chocolate, which has cocoa, sugar and cocoa butter in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is very sweet and may be topped with marshmallows, whipped cream, or a piece of solid chocolate. --EOI-- It is very sweet and often is served with marshmallows, whipped cream, or a piece of solid chocolate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After defeating Montezuma's warriors, and demanding that the Aztec nobles hand over their valuables, CortÃ s returned to Spain in 1528, bringing cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment. --EOI-- After defeating Montezumaâ s warriors and taking the Aztec's riches, CortÃ s went back to Spain in 1528. He brought cocoa beans and chocolate drink making equipment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By using cocoa powder and low amounts of cocoa butter, bar chocolate was then possible to manufacture. The term "chocolate " then came to mean solid chocolate, rather than hot chocolate. --EOI--  "Hot chocolate " is made right from bars of chocolate, which has cocoa, sugar and cocoa butter in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was often seasoned with vanilla, chile pepper, and achiote, and was believed to fight fatigue, which is probably attributable to the theobromine content, a mood enhancer. --EOI-- Vanilla, chile pepper, and achiote were added to the drink, and it was believed to fight tiredness, which is because of the theobromine content, a mood enhancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- American instant hot cocoa powder often includes powdered milk or other dairy ingredients so it can be made without using milk. --EOI-- American hot cocoa powder can be made with powdered milk so it can be made without milk. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because sugar was yet to come to the Americas, xocolatl was said to be an acquired taste. --EOI-- Because sugar had not come to the Americas, xocolatl was said to be something that one did not like in the beginning. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The explorer Francisco HernÃ ndez wrote that chocolate beverages helped treat fever and liver disease. --EOI-- Explorer Francisco HernÃ ndez wrote that chocolate drinks helped fever and diseases of the liver. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Cocoa " usually refers to a similar drink made with just hot milk and cocoa powder, then sweetened to taste with sugar. --EOI--  "Cocoa " usually means a similar drink made with just hot milk and cocoa powder, then made sweeter with sugar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When chocolate was introduced to the French in the 17th century, it was reportedly used "to fight against fits of anger and bad moods ", which may be attributed to chocolate's phenylethylamine content. --EOI-- When chocolate first came to France in the 17th century, it was used "to fight against fits of anger and bad moods ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another explorer, Santiago de Valverde Turices, believed that large amounts of hot chocolate was helpful in treating chest ailments, but in smaller amounts could help stomach disorders. --EOI-- Another explorer, Santiago de Valverde Turices, thought that large amounts of hot chocolate were good for fixing chest problems, and small amounts could help stomach problems. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Besides the instant powder form, traditional Mexican hot chocolate includes semi-sweet chocolate, cinnamon, sugar and vanilla. --EOI-- Besides the instant powder form, Mexican hot chocolate uses semi-sweet chocolate, cinnamon, sugar and vanilla. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hot chocolate (also known as hot cocoa or just cocoa) is a heated beverage typically consisting of shaved chocolate, melted chocolate or cocoa powder, heated milk or water, and sugar. --EOI-- Hot chocolate (also called hot cocoa, drinking chocolate or just cocoa) is a hot drink. It is usually made by mixing chocolate or cocoa powder and sugar with warm milk or water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Spontaneous abortion (also known as miscarriage) is the expulsion of an embryo or fetus due to accidental trauma or natural causes before approximately the 22nd week of gestation; the definition by gestational age varies by country. --EOI-- People speak of spontaneous abortion or miscarriage when the embryo or fetus is lost due to natural causes before the 20th week of pregnancy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Inconsistent use was reported by 49% of those using condoms and 76% of those using the combined oral contraceptive pill; 42% of those using condoms reported failure through slipping or breakage. --EOI-- Inconsistent use was reported by 49% of those using condoms and 76% of those using the combined oral contraceptive pill; 42% of those using condoms reported failure through slipping or breakage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A spontaneous abortion can also be caused by accidental trauma; intentional trauma or stress to cause miscarriage is considered induced abortion or feticide. --EOI-- Certain diseases or an accidental trauma can also cause a spontaneous abortion. Putting the woman under trauma or stress to cause miscarriage is considered induced abortion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hydrogen cyanide is produced when a solution containing a labile cyanide is acidified because HCN is a weak acid; alkaline solutions are safer to use because they do not evolve hydrogen cyanide. --EOI-- The poisons referred to are usually hydrogen cyanide (HCN), and the chemicals which are similar to it, like potassium cyanide (KCN), and sodium cyanide (NaCN). (Such substances are called derivatives of hydrogen cyanide). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In May 2010 the Governor declared a state of emergency because of foot and mouth disease. --EOI-- In May 2010 the Governor declared a state of emergency because of foot and mouth disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The enlarged second toe bore an unusually large, curved sickle-shaped claw (held off the ground or` retracted' when walking), which is thought to have been used in capturing prey and climbing trees (see "Claw function " below). --EOI-- The enlarged second toe bore an unusually large, curved sickle-shaped claw. It is thought to have been used in capturing prey and, in the smaller species, climbing trees. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many other dromaeosaurid fossils have been found with feathers covering their bodies, some with fully-developed feathered wings. --EOI-- Many other dromaeosaur fossils have been found with feathers covering their bodies, some with fully-developed feathered wings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has been proposed that this tail was used as a stabilizer and\/or counterweight while running or in the air; in Microraptor, an elongate diamond-shaped fan of feathers is preserved on the end of the tail. --EOI-- It has been proposed that this tail was used as a stabilizer and\/or counterweight while running. In Microraptor, an elongate diamond-shaped fan of feathers is preserved on the end of the tail. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both the first and second toes on each foot of B. bondoc were also held retracted and bore enlarged, sickle-shaped claws. --EOI-- Both the first and second toes on each foot of B. bondoc were also held retracted and bore enlarged, sickle-shaped claws. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other fossils, which do not preserve actual impressions of feathers, still preserve the associated bumps on the forearm bones where long wing feathers would have attached in life. --EOI-- Other fossils, which do not preserve actual impressions of feathers, still preserve the associated bumps on the forearm bones where long wing feathers would have attached in life. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw, and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing. --EOI-- The seriema also has an enlarged second toe claw, and uses it to tear apart small prey items for swallowing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A 2005 study by Sankar Chatterjee suggested that the wings of Microraptor functioned like a split-level "biplane ", and that it likely employed a phugoid style of gliding, in which it would launch from a perch and swoop downward in a` U' shaped curve, then lift again to land on another tree, with the tail and hind wings helping to control its position and speed. --EOI-- A 2005 study by Sankar Chatterjee suggested that the wings of Microraptor functioned like a split-level "biplane ", and that it likely employed a style of gliding, in which it would launch from a perch and swoop downward in a` U' shaped curve, then lift again to land on another tree, with the tail and hind wings helping to control its position and speed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is a large web of skin between the hind legs (the uropatagium) which may assist in flying and catching insects, although there are no tail bones or calcars to help control it in flight. --EOI-- There is a large web of skin between the hind legs (the uropatagium) which may assist in flying and catching insects, although there are no tail bones or calcars to help control it in flight. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Carbonation is the process of dissolving carbon dioxide in water. --EOI-- Carbonation is a solution that forms when carbon dioxide is dissolved in a liquid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The chip commercially debuted with the release of Apple's iPad tablet; followed shortly by the iPhone 4 smartphone, the 4th generation iPod Touch and the 2nd generation Apple TV. It was superseded in the second-generation iPad, released the following year, by the Apple A5 processor. --EOI-- The Apple A4 is a microprocessor designed by Apple and manufactured by Samsung and first used in the iPad tablet computer, then in the iPhone 4 smartphone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Neolithic Age, Era, or Period, or New Stone Age, was a period in the development of human technology, beginning about 9500 B.C.E. in the Middle East that is traditionally considered the last part of the Stone Age. The Neolithic followed the terminal Holocene Epipalaeolithic period, beginning with the rise of farming, which produced the "Neolithic Revolution " and ending when metal tools became widespread in the Copper Age (chalcolithic) or Bronze Age or developing directly into the Iron Age, depending on geographical region. --EOI-- After the neolithic period comes the Bronze Age. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mechanical power may be transmitted directly using a solid structure such as a driveshaft; transmission gears can adjust the amount of torque or force vs. speed in much the same way an electrical transformer adjusts voltage vs current. --EOI-- Mechanical power may be transmitted directly using a solid structure such as a driveshaft; transmission gears can adjust the amount of torque or force vs. speed in much the same way an electrical transformer adjusts voltage vs current. --separator-- --simplificataion-- No neuron ever has more than one axon; however in invertebrates such as insects or leeches the axon sometimes consists of several regions that function more or less independently of each other. --EOI-- The Axon is the part of a neuron that branches off the main body (or soma). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dana Snyder (born November 14, 1973) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, voice artist, and comedian, best known for playing Master Shake on the Aqua Teen Hunger Force show, and the film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters, both part of Cartoon Network's Adult Swim franchise. --EOI-- Dana Snyder is a American voice actor best known for voicing "Master Shake " on the adult swim tv program Aqua Teen Hunger Force. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many sources including the United States Food and Drug Administration warn about potential toxicity from high levels of methylmercury in swordfish. --EOI-- However, many sources including the United States Food and Drug Administration warn about potential toxicity (how poisonous it is) from high levels of methylmercury in swordfish. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some types of micropenis can be addressed with growth hormone or testosterone treatment in early childhood. --EOI-- Some types of micropenis can be addressed with growth hormone or testosterone treatment in early childhood. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chemicals from both synthetic (e.g. pesticides, anti-bacterial Triclosan, plasticizers for plastics, etc...) and natural (e.g. chemicals found in tea tree oil and lavender oil) sources have been linked to various degrees of endocrine disruption. --EOI-- Chemicals from both synthetic (e.g. pesticides, anti-bacterial Triclosan, plasticizers for plastics, etc.) and natural (e.g., chemicals found in tea tree oil and lavender oil)) sources in the blood of pregnant women have been linked to various degrees of endocrine disruption. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some of the identifiable causes are deficiency of pituitary growth hormone and\/or gonadotropins, mild degrees of androgen insensitivity, a variety of genetic syndromes, and variations in certain Homeobox genes. --EOI-- Some of the causes are deficiency of pituitary growth hormone and\/or gonadotropins, mild degrees of androgen insensitivity, a variety of genetic syndromes, and variations in certain Homeobox genes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One study found a weak correlation between the size of the stretched penis and foot size and height. Another investigation failed to find any evidence for a link between shoe size and stretched penis size. --EOI-- The arithmetic mean human penis is approximately 12.9 t in length, the circumference is approximately 12.3 c. There is no scientific relation between either penis size or race, and shoe size or stretched penis size. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For women, width rather than length is a more important factor of sexual stimulation. Fear of shrinking of the penis in folklore have led to a type of mass hysteria called penis panic, though the penis legitimately can shrink in size due to scar tissue formation in the penis from a medical condition called Peyronie's disease. --EOI-- A study concluded that penis width rather than length was a more important factor of sexual stimulation probably because a wider penis provides more friction to the clitoral area while a longer penis reaches a less sensitive area. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Coleoidae do not have a true endoskeleton in the evolutionary sense; here, a mollusc exoskeleton evolved into several sorts of internal structure, the "cuttlebone " of cuttlefish being the best-known version. --EOI-- The Coleoidae do not have a true endoskeleton in the evolutionary sense; here, a mollusc exoskeleton developed into several sorts of internal structure, the "cuttlebone " of cuttlefish being the best-known version. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Potassium arsenite (KAsO2) is the compound which forms the basis of Fowler's solution and is used as a specific rodenticide. --EOI-- Potassium arsenite is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KAsO2. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This wave information travels across the air-filled middle ear cavity via a series of delicate bones: the malleus (hammer), incus (anvil) and stapes (stirrup). --EOI-- The malleus (hammer), incus (anvil) and stapes (stirrup). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sound waves traveling through the ear canal will hit the tympanic membrane, or eardrum. --EOI-- Sound waves traveling through the ear canal will hit the tympanum, or eardrum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The middle ear still contains the sound information in wave form; it is converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea. --EOI-- They are then converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea. --separator-- --simplificataion-- JVL received awards from Britannica Internet Guide Selection, USA Today Hot Site, and the Best of the Jewish Web from the Jewish Agency for Israel, the Academic Excellence Award from Study Web and others. --EOI-- JVL got awards from Britannica Internet Guide Selection, USA Today Hot Site, and the Best of the Jewish Web from the Jewish Agency for Israel, the Academic Excellence Award from Study Web and others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Jewish Virtual Library has been cited by CNN, New York Times, BBC, CBS News, Fox News, The Los Angeles Times, USA Today, Business Week, and Bloomberg, among others. --EOI-- The Jewish Virtual Library has been used as a source by CNN, New York Times, BBC, CBS News, Fox News, The Los Angeles Times, USA Today, Business Week, and Bloomberg, among others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Resin is a hydrocarbon secretion of many plants, particularly coniferous trees. It is valued for its chemical properties and associated uses, such as the production of varnishes, adhesives, and food glazing agents; as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis; and as constituents of incense and perfume. --EOI-- Resin or Rosin (Oxford dictionary) is a hydrocarbon secretion of many plants, particularly coniferous trees, valued for its chemical constituents and uses such as varnishes, adhesives, as an important source of raw materials for organic synthesis, or for incense and perfume. --separator-- --simplificataion-- According to an early review by iFixIt, the Kindle 2 features a Freescale 532 MHz, ARM-11 90 nm processor, 32 MB main memory, 2 GB moviNAND flash storage and a 3.7 V 1530 mAh lithium polymer battery. --EOI-- According to an early review by website iFixIt, the new Kindle 2 features a 532 MHz 90 nm processor, 2GB main memory, and 1530 mAh lithium polymer battery. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The most potent toxin present in these mushrooms isÎ- amanitin. --EOI-- The most potent toxin present in these mushrooms is amanitin, of which at least eight versions are known. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This genus is responsible for approximately 95% of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning, with the death cap accounting for about 50% on its own. --EOI-- This genus is responsible for approximately 95% of the fatalities resulting from mushroom poisoning, with the death cap accounting for about 50% on its own. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A stirrup is a light frame or ring that holds the foot of a rider, attached to the saddle by a strap, often called a stirrup leather. Stirrups are usually paired and are used to aid in mounting and as a support while using a riding animal (usually a horse or other equine, such as a mule). --EOI-- The stirrup is a ring with a flat bottom fixed on a leather strap, usually hung from each side of a saddle to create a footrest for the rider on a riding animal (usually a horse or a mule), suspended by an adjustable strap from the saddle for use as a support for the foot of a rider of a horse when seated in the saddle and as an aid in getting up. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, the color also serves a useful function, as humans have a higher light sensitivity to green than to any other color, allowing play for longer periods of time without eye strain. --EOI-- However, the color also serves a useful function. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nothing was seen; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot, Wild took a sounding at 64Â 11'S, 46Â 4` W, which revealed 2331 f of water. --EOI-- Nothing was seen; prevented by ice conditions from reaching the exact spot, Wild took a sounding at 64Â 11'S, 46Â 4` W, which revealed 2331 f of water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They found no signs of land; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of 5248 f before the line snapped, a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity. --EOI-- They found no signs of land; a lead weight dropped through the ice reached a depth of 5248 f before the line snapped, a depth which confirmed there was no land in the vicinity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Acute mania in bipolar disorder is typically treated with mood stabilizers and\/or antipsychotic medication. --EOI-- The mania in bipolar disorder is usually treated using a combination of mood stabilizers and antipsychotic drugs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sickle-cell disease (SCD), or sickle-cell anemia (or anemia; SCA) or drepanocytosis, is an autosomal recessive genetic blood disorder, with overdominance, characterized by red blood cells that assume an abnormal, rigid, sickle shape. --EOI-- This is a life long disease and a life long blood disorder, sickle cell disease or sickle-cell anemia, characterized by red blood cells that have an abnormal, rigid, sickle shape. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pneumatics uses an easily compressible gas such as air or a suitable pure gas, while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil. --EOI-- Pneumatics uses air, which is compressible, while hydraulics uses relatively incompressible liquid media such as oil or water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bunyan presents a decrepit and harmless giant to confront Christian at the end of the Valley of the Shadow of Death that is explicitly named "Pope ": Now I saw in my Dream, that at the end of this Valley lay blood, bones, ashes, and mangled bodies of men, even of Pilgrims that had gone this way formerly: And while I was musing what should be the reason, I espied a little before me a Cave, where two Giants, Pope and Pagan, dwelt in old times, by whose Power and Tyranny the Men whose bones, blood ashes,& c. lay there, were cruelly put to death. --EOI-- Bunyan presents a decrepit and harmless giant to confront Christian at the end of the Valley of the Shadow of Death that is explicitly named "Pope ": Now I saw in my Dream, that at the end of this Valley lay blood, bones, ashes, and mangled bodies of men, even of Pilgrims that had gone this way formerly: And while I was musing what should be the reason, I espied a little before me a Cave, where two Giants, Pope and Pagan, dwelt in old times, by whose Power and Tyranny the Men whose bones, blood ashes,& c. lay there, were cruelly put to death. --separator-- --simplificataion-- But by this place Christian went without much danger, whereat I somewhat wondered; but I have learned since, that Pagan has been dead many a day; and as for the other, though he be yet alive, he is by reason of age, and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes, grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts, that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth, grinning at Pilgrims as they go by, and biting his nails, because he can not come at them. --EOI-- But by this place Christian went without much danger, whereat I somewhat wondered; but I have learned since, that Pagan has been dead many a day; and as for the other, though he be yet alive, he is by reason of age, and also of the many shrewd brushes that he met with in his younger dayes, grown so crazy and stiff in his joynts, that he can now do little more than sit in his Caves mouth, grinning at Pilgrims as they go by, and biting his nails, because he can not come at them. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Anna Fitzgerald's older sister, Kate, suffers from acute promyelocytic leukemia, a cancer of the blood and bone marrow. --EOI-- Anna Fitzgerald's older sister, Kate, suffers from acute promyelocytic leukemia, a cancer of the blood and bone marrow. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Following maturation, the lymphocytes enter the circulation and peripheral lymphoid organs (e.g. the spleen and lymph nodes) where they survey for invading pathogens and\/or tumor cells. --EOI-- After they mature, the lymphocytes enter the circulation and lymphoid organs (e.g. the spleen and lymph nodes) where they are able to sense invading pathogens and tumor cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- B cells mature into B lymphocytes in the bone marrow, while T cells migrate to and mature in a distinct organ, called the thymus. --EOI-- B cells mature into B lymphocytes in the bone marrow, while T cells migrate to and mature in a distinct organ, called the thymus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The function of T cells and B cells is to recognize specificâ non-selfâ antigens, during a process known as antigen presentation. --EOI-- The function of T cells and B cells is to recognize foreign antigens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In response to pathogens some T cells, called T helper cells, produce cytokines that direct the immune response while other T cells, called cytotoxic T cells, produce toxic granules that contain powerful enzymes which induce the death of pathogen infected cells. Following activation, B cells and T cells leave a lasting legacy of the antigens they have encountered, in the form of memory cells. --EOI-- Once they are made active, B cells and T cells produce memory cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Effector lymphocytes function to eliminate the antigen, either by releasing antibodies (in the case of B cells), cytotoxic granules (cytotoxic T cells) or by signaling to other cells of the immune system (helper T cells). --EOI-- Cytokines signal to other immune cells that there is a foreign antigen present. Other T cells, called cytotoxic T cells, produce toxic granules which cause the death of infected cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In response to pathogens some T cells, called T helper cells, produce cytokines that direct the immune response while other T cells, called cytotoxic T cells, produce toxic granules that contain powerful enzymes which induce the death of pathogen infected cells. --EOI-- Other T cells, called cytotoxic T cells, produce toxic granules which cause the death of infected cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Examples include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen, and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin. --EOI-- Examples include storage polysaccharides such as starch and glycogen and structural polysaccharides such as cellulose and chitin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They can be digested by hydrolysis, catalyzed by enzymes called amylases, which can break the alpha-linkages (glycosidic bonds). --EOI-- They can be digested by hydrolysis, catalyzed by enzymes called amylases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Certain animals can digest cellulose, because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut. --EOI-- Certain animals can digest cellulose, because bacteria possessing the enzyme are present in their gut. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Humans and many other animals lack an enzyme to break the beta-linkages, so they do not digest cellulose. --EOI-- Humans and many other animals do not digest cellulose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Humans and other animals have amylases, so they can digest starches. --EOI-- Humans and other animals have amylases, so they can digest starches. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He had become addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier. --EOI-- He had been addicted to heroin after being prescribed morphine for his asthma and bronchitis many years earlier. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Notable human diseases caused by RNA viruses include SARS, influenza and hepatitis C. --EOI-- In humans, well-known RNA viruses are those that cause SARS, Influenza or Hepatitis C. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Francium is a highly radioactive metal that decays into astatine, radium, and radon. --EOI-- Francium is very radioactive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Air is blown into the solution, causing the iodine to evaporate, then it is passed into an absorbing tower containing acid where sulfur dioxide is added to reduce the iodine. --EOI-- Air is blown over the water to evaporate the iodine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By ingesting this large amount of non-radioactive iodine, radioactive iodine uptake by the thyroid gland is minimized. --EOI-- The radioactive iodine easily goes into the thyroid and causes cancer. When people take iodine tablets, it fills up the thyroid with non-radioactive iodine which prevents any radioactive iodine from coming in. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mayflies are unique among the winged insects in that they moult one more time after acquiring functional wings (this is also known as the alate stage); this second-to-last winged instar is usually very short, often a matter of hours, and is known as a subimago or to fly fishermen as a dun. --EOI-- Mayflies are unique in that they moult one more time after getting functional wings (this is also known as the alate stage). This second-to-last winged stage is usually very short, a matter of hours. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Elettaria cardamomum (the usual type of cardamom) is used as a spice, a masticatory, and in medicine; it is also smoked sometimes; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei. --EOI-- Elettaria cardamomum (the usual type of cardamom) is used as a spice and in medicine; it is also smoked sometimes; it is used as a food plant by the larva of the moth Endoclita hosei. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its caterpillars can be a pest on cultivated cabbages, kale, radish, broccoli, and horseradish but it will readily lay eggs on wild members of the cabbage family such as Charlock Sinapis arvensis and Hedge mustard Sisybrium officinale. --EOI-- Its caterpillars can be a pest on cultivated cabbages, but it will lay eggs as well on wild members of the cabbage family such as Charlock Sinapis arvensis and Hedge Mustard Sisybrium officinale. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Revolution Studios was an American film production company founded in 2000 by Joe Roth, a former chairman of Walt Disney Studios and 20th Century Fox. --EOI-- Revolution Studios is a movie production company founded in 2000 and closed in 2007. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fermentation of lactose by these bacteria produces lactic acid, which acts on milk protein to give yoghurt its texture and its characteristic tang. --EOI-- Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The milk is then cooled to about 45Â C. The bacteria culture is added, and the temperature is maintained for 4 to 7 hours to allow fermentation. --EOI-- After it is cooled to about 45Â C, the bacteria culture is added, and the milk is kept at that temperature for 4 to 7 hours to ferment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- People who are moderately lactose-intolerant can consume yoghurt without ill effects, because much of the lactose in the milk precursor is converted to lactic acid by the bacterial culture. --EOI-- Many people who are lactose-intolerant can enjoy yoghurt, because much of the lactose in the milk has become lactic acid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Yoghurt is nutritionally rich in protein, calcium, riboflavin, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12. --EOI-- Yoghurt has a lot of protein, calcium, riboflavin, vitamin B6 and vitamin B12 in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto's thyroiditis, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes mellitus type 1, and lupus erythematosus. --EOI-- Common autoimmune diseases include Hashimoto's thyroiditis, rheumatoid arthritis, diabetes mellitus type 1, and lupus erythematosus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Disorders in the immune system can result in disease, including autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and cancer. --EOI-- In some organisms, the immune system has its own problems within itself, called disorders. These result in other diseases, including autoimmune diseases, inflammatory diseases and possibly even cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich, who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction; his contributions to the understanding of humoral immunity were recognized by the award of a Nobel Prize in 1908, which was jointly awarded to the founder of cellular immunology, Elie Metchnikoff. --EOI-- Particularly important was the work of Paul Ehrlich (1854-1915), who proposed the side-chain theory to explain the specificity of the antigen-antibody reaction; his contributions to the understanding of humoral immunity were recognized by the award of a Nobel Prize in 1908, which was jointly awarded to the founder of cellular immunology, Ilya Mechnikov (1845-1916). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic disease, such as severe combined immunodeficiency, or be produced by pharmaceuticals or an infection, such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) that is caused by the retrovirus HIV. --EOI-- Immunodeficiency can either be the result of a genetic (inherited) disease, or an infection, such as the acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS), that is caused by the retrovirus HIV, or other causes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Immunodeficiency diseases occur when the immune system is less active than normal, resulting in recurring and life-threatening infections. --EOI-- Immunodeficiency diseases occur when the immune system is less active than normal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The radius is one of the two large bones of the forearm, the other being the ulna. --EOI-- The radius is one of the two bones which make up the lower forearm in tetrapods. The other one is the ulna. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The version in the Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band film was performed by Mean Mr. Mustard (played by Frankie Howerd) and his evil robot companions named the Computerettes. --EOI-- The version in the Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band film was performed by Mean Mr. Mustard (played by Frankie Howerd) and his evil robot companions named the Computerettes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The company was formed in 1925 from a number of major companies that had been working together closely since World War I. During its heyday IG Farben was the fourth-largest company in the world, after General Motors, U.S. Steel and Standard Oil. During the planning of the invasion of Czechoslovakia and Poland, IG Farben cooperated closely with Nazi officials and directed which chemical plants should be secured and delivered to IG Farben. --EOI-- The founding of IG Farben was a reaction to Germany's defeat in World War I. IG Farben held a near total monopoly on chemical production, later during the Nazi regime, including manufacturing Zyklon B. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cayenne pepperâ " also known as the Guinea spice, Cow Horn Pepper, aleva or bird pepper or, especially in its powdered form, red pepperâ " is a hot, red chili pepper used to flavor dishes and for medicinal purposes. --EOI-- The Cayenne pepper is a type of Chili pepper. It is very hot and is used as a spice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fighters wore leather straps (called himantes) over their hands (leaving the fingers free), wrists, and sometimes breast, to protect themselves from injury. --EOI-- Fighters wore leather straps (called himantes) over their hands, wrists, and sometimes chest, to protect themselves from injury. The straps also left the fingers free. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An earlier form of music notation from the Tang era survives in just one manuscript, dated to the seventh century CE, called Jieshi Diao Youlan (Solitary Orchid in Stone Tablet Mode). --EOI-- An earlier form of music notation from the Tang era survives in just one manuscript, dated to the 7th century CE, called Jieshi Diao: You Lanãç cents#çèå 1\/2èã (Solitary Orchid, in Stone Tablet Mode). --separator-- --simplificataion-- This forms the bulk of most qin pieces and requires the player to press on a string with a finger or thumb of the left hand until it connects with the surface board, then pluck. --EOI-- This forms the majority of most qin pieces and requires the player to press on a string with a finger or thumb of the left hand until it touches with the surface board, then pluck. --separator-- --simplificataion-- zhongqing gauge) with a container of` string gum'ãçèã,ã--äéççå 1\/4ã-- Shangyin Shanghai Conservatorie Quality Qin Strings (metal-nylon),ã--èäåççã-- Huqiu Silk Strings)) Until recently, the guqin's strings were always made of various thicknesses of twisted silk, but since then most players use modern nylon-flatwound steel strings. --EOI-- Until the Cultural Revolution, the guqin's strings were always made of various thicknesses of twisted silkãçã, but since then most players use modern nylon-flatwound steel stringsãé 1\/4çã. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Taxanes have been used to produce various chemotherapy drugs. --EOI-- This explains why taxanes have been used to produce chemotherapy drugs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Natural resources on the islands include small deposits of gold, copper, coal, natural gas, limestone, marble, and asbestos. --EOI-- The few natural resources are gold, copper, coal, natural gas, limestone, marble, and asbestos. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gollum reappears, struggles with Frodo for the Ring, and bites off Frodo's finger, Ring and all, but in so doing falls into the fire, taking the Ring with him. --EOI-- Gollum bites off Frodo's finger with the Ring. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This was cut in the early 17th century to allow entry for the Bishop's cat to deter vermin that were attracted to the animal fat used to lubricate the clock mechanism. --EOI-- This was cut in the early 17th century to allow entry for the Bishop's cat to deter vermin. The vermin were attracted to the animal fat used to lubricate the clock mechanism. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Monocytes which migrate from the bloodstream to other tissues will then differentiate into tissue resident macrophages or dendritic cells. --EOI-- Monocytes which migrate from the bloodstream to the tissues will then differentiate into macrophages or dendritic cells, which then stay in the tissue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The castle has for centuries been one of the most important Renaissance castles in Northern Europe and was added to UNESCO's World Heritage Sites list on November 30, 2000. --EOI-- The castle has for centuries been one of the most important Renaissance castles in Northern Europe. It was added to UNESCO's World Heritage Sites list on November 30, 2000. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Christiaan Eijkman (; 11 August 1858, Nijkerk, Gelderland-- 5 November 1930, Utrecht) was a Dutch physician and professor of physiology whose demonstration that Beriberi is caused by poor diet led to the discovery of vitamins. --EOI-- Christiaan Eijkman (August 11, 1858- November 5, 1930) was a Dutch doctor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Death Angel was formed in the San Francisco Bay Area, California, in 1982 by cousins Rob Cavestany (lead guitar), Dennis Pepa (vocals, bass), Gus Pepa (rhythm guitar), and Andy Galeon (drums). --EOI-- The members are: Mark Osegueda (vocals) Rob Cavestany (guitar, vocals), Ted Aguilar (guitar), Andy Galeon (drums), Dennis Pepa (bass, vocals) --separator-- --simplificataion-- Holly Marie Combs (born December 3, 1973) is an American film and television actress and producer whose roles have included a portrayal in Charmed as Piper Halliwell and another in Picket Fences, where she received a Young Artist Award for her role, as Kimberly Brock. --EOI-- Holly Marie Combs (born December 3, 1973 in San Diego, California) is an American actress most well known for working on the television series Charmed. Before Charmed, she work in the tv series Picket Fences. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, two B vitamins, niacin and riboflavin, bind with adenine to form the essential cofactors nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) and flavin adenine dinucleotide (FAD), respectively. --EOI-- However, two B vitamins, niacin and riboflavin, bind with adenine to form the essential cofactors NAD and FAD respectively. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Feynman diagrams are graphs that represent the trajectories of particles in intermediate stages of a scattering process. Unlike a bubble chamber picture, only the sum of all the Feynman diagrams represent any given particle interaction; particles do not choose a particular diagram each time they interact. --EOI-- The points in Feynman diagrams where the lines meet represent two or more particles that happen to be at the same point in space at the same time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Naini Lake is deep, but, according to experts, the level of oxygen in the hypolimnic layer (the bottom, colder, stagnant, and constant temperature layer) is much lower than is required to sustain fish-- and this is mostly due to pollution, which includes illegal dumping of garbage. --EOI-- Naini Lake has too low a level of oxygen in the bottom layer to sustain fish. This is mostly due to pollution, which includes illegal dumping of garbage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ellington's grandson Paul Ellington is a musician and maintains a small salaried band known as the Duke Ellington Legacy, which frequently comprises the core of the big band operated by The Duke Ellington Center for the Arts. --EOI-- Ellington called his music "American Music ", not "jazz ". Some of the people who played in Ellington's band were also famous or important jazz musicians. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both water and air arrive together in the camera aeolis (wind chamber). --EOI-- The water organ works by having water and air arriving together in the camera aeolis (wind chamber). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Muppeteer or Muppet master always holds the Muppet above his head or in front of his body, with one hand operating the head and mouth and the other manipulating the hands and arms, either with two separate control rods or by "wearing " the hands like gloves. One consequence of this design is that most Muppets are left-handed as the puppeteer uses his right hand to operate the head while operating the arm rod with his left hand. --EOI-- Puppeteers usually control the muppet with one hand in the head and the other hand controls the muppets arms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Active anaphylaxis is what is naturally observed. Two weeks or so after an animal, including humans, is exposed to certain allergens, active anaphylaxis (which is simply called "anaphylaxis ") would be elicited upon exposure to the same allergens. --EOI-- Very small amounts of allergens can still cause anaphylaxis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The direction and duration of waggle runs are closely correlated with the direction and distance of the patch of flowers being advertised by the dancing bee. --EOI-- The direction and duration of waggle runs show the direction and distance to flowers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the twelve days while Troy mourns Hector's death, the Greeks plan to enter the city using a hollowed-out wooden horse, devised by Odysseus, desperate to stem the slaughter of his own men at the hands of the Trojans. The Greeks leave the horse at their camp, then depart, hiding their ships in a nearby cove. --EOI-- After Hector's death, the Greeks make a plan to come into Troy using a wooden horse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They are distinguished in two respects: they were the earliest known jawed vertebrates, and they had stout spines supporting their fins, fixed in place and non-movable (like a shark's dorsal fin). --EOI-- They are distinguished in two respects: they were the first known jawed vertebrates, and they had stout spines supporting their fins, fixed in place and non-movable (like a shark's dorsal fin). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Emeril John Lagasse (ËÉ mÉ rÉ l lÉËÉÉ`Ë si; born October 15, 1959) is an American celebrity chef, restaurateur, television personality, and cookbook author. A regional James Beard Award winner, he is perhaps most notable for his Food Network shows Emeril Live and Essence of Emeril as well as catchphrases such asâ Kick it up a notch! --EOI-- Emeril Lagasse (born October 15, 1959-) is an American celebrity chef. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Smashers use this ability to attack snails, crabs, molluscs and rock oysters; their blunt clubs enabling them to crack the shells of their prey into pieces. --EOI-- Smashers use this ability to attack snails, crabs, molluscs and rock oysters; their blunt clubs enabling them to crack the shells of their prey into pieces. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The eyes of mantis shrimp may make them able to recognize different types of coral, prey species (which are often transparent or semi-transparent), or predators, such as barracuda, which have shimmering scales. --EOI-- The eyes of mantis shrimp may recognize different types of coral, prey species (which are often transparent or semi-transparent), or predators, such as barracuda, which have shimmering scales. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The collapse of these cavitation bubbles produces measurable forces on their prey in addition to the instantaneous forces of 1,500 newtons that are caused by the impact of the appendage against the striking surface, which means that the prey is hit twice by a single strike; first by the claw and then by the collapsing cavitation bubbles that immediately follow. --EOI-- This means that the prey is hit twice by a single strike; first by the claw and then by the collapsing cavitation bubbles that immediately follow. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some species have at least 16 different photoreceptor types, which are divided into four classes (their spectral sensitivity is further tuned by color filters in the retinas), 12 of them for color analysis in the different wavelengths (including four which are sensitive to ultraviolet light) and four of them for analyzing polarised light. --EOI-- Some species have at least 16 different photoreceptor types, 12 of them for color analysis in the different wavelengths (including four which are sensitive to ultraviolet light) and four of them for analyzing polarised light. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Certain cultivar groups are preferred for particular uses because of differences in flavor, oil content, size, shape, and disease resistance. --EOI-- Certain types are preferred for particular uses because of differences in flavor, oil content, size, and shape. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because it is a known carcinogen, its use as an additive in gasoline is now limited, but it is an important industrial solvent and precursor to basic industrial chemicals including drugs, plastics, synthetic rubber, and dyes. --EOI-- It is used as an additive in gasoline, plastics, synthetic rubber, dyes and it is an industrial solvent, which means it can dissolve many other chemical molecules. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rather, the beginning is defined at the base of a chemically distinctive carbonate layer (this bed is characterized by an unusual depletion of 13C), referred to as a "cap carbonate ", because it caps glacial deposits and indicates a sudden climatic change at the end of the Marinoan ice age. --EOI-- Although the Ediacaran period does contain soft-bodied fossils (the Ediacaran biota), its start is defined at the base of a carbonate layer, referred to as a "cap carbonate ". This caps glacial deposits and shows a sudden climatic change at the end of the Marinoan ice age. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The forearm is the structure and distal region of the upper limb, between the elbow and the wrist. --EOI-- The forearm is the part of the human arm between the elbow and the wrist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His statement "I want to make of impressionism something solid and lasting like the art in the museums ", and his contention that he was recreating Poussin "after nature " underscored his desire to unite observation of nature with the permanence of classical composition. --EOI-- His statement "I want to make of impressionism something solid and lasting like the art in the museums ", and his contention that he was re-creating Poussin "after nature " proved his desire to unite observation of nature with the permanence of classical composition. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He used planes of color and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields, at once both a direct expression of the sensations of the observing eye and an abstraction from observed nature. --EOI-- He used planes of color and small brushstrokes that build up to form complex fields. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Spirochaetes are distinguished from other bacterial phyla by the location of their flagella, sometimes called axial filaments, which run lengthwise between the bacterial inner membrane and outer membrane in periplasmic space. --EOI-- Spirochaetes are distinguished from other bacterial phyla by the location of their flagella, sometimes called axial filaments, which run lengthwise between the cell wall and outer membrane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Spirochaetes (also spelled Spirochetes) belong to a phylum of distinctive Gram-negative bacteria, which have long, helically coiled (spiral-shaped) cells. --EOI-- Spirochaetes (also spelled Spirochetes) belong to a phylum of distinctive Gram-negative bacteria, which have long, helically coiled (spiral-shaped) cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Flash floods can also occur after the collapse of a natural ice or debris dam, or a human structure such as a man-made dam, as occurred before the Johnstown Flood of 1889. Flash floods are distinguished from a regular flood by a timescale less than six hours. --EOI-- Flash floods can also happen after the collapse of a dam. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ultrasonic hearing can occur if ultrasound is fed directly into the skull bone and reaches the cochlea through bone conduction without passing through the middle ear. --EOI-- If ultrasound is fed directly into the skull bone and reaches the cochlea without passing through the middle ear, much higher frequencies (up to about 200 kHz) can be heard. --separator-- --simplificataion-- (32) Sed ut perspiciatis, unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam eaque ipsa, quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt, explicabo. --EOI-- (32) Sed ut perspiciatis, unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam eaque ipsa, quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt, explicabo. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Publishers Weekly criticized, "Bland illustrations depicting the contents of Annabeth's trunk, a map of Camp Half-Blood and a short "sneak peek " at Blaque is cool in the book The Lost Hero pad the contents (barely) to book length; the inclusion of a crossword puzzle and a word search makes the book difficult to share. --EOI-- Publishers Weekly criticized, "Bland illustrations depicting the contents of Annabeth's trunk, a map of Camp Half-Blood and a short "sneak peek " at The Last Olympian pad the contents (barely) to book length; the inclusion of a crossword puzzle and a word search makes the book difficult to share. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Birds of prey such as Whistling Kites also rely on fire to flush out small animals and are usually found in large numbers circling a fire front. --EOI-- Birds of prey such as Whistling Kites also rely on fire to flush out small animals and are usually found in large numbers circling a fire front. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As the water builds up, frogs and tadpoles have an abundance of food, such as algae, vegetation, insects, dragonfly nymphs, and other tadpoles. --EOI-- As the water builds up, frogs and tadpoles have plenty of food, such as algae, vegetation, insects, dragonfly nymphs, and other tadpoles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nourlangie Camp was again the site of a sawmill in the 1950s, until the local stands of cypress pine were exhausted. --EOI-- Nourlangie Camp was again the site of a sawmill in the 1950s, until the cypress pines were cleared. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dreadlocks, also called locks, a ras, dreads, or Jatayein (Hindi), are matted coils of hair. Dreadlocks are usually intentionally formed; because of the variety of different hair textures, various methods are used to encourage the formation of locks such as backcombing. --EOI-- Dreadlocks, also called locks or dreads, are coils of hair which are made by themselves, in all hair types, if the hair is allowed to grow naturally without grooming for a long time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Liquefied petroleum gas (also called LPG, GPL, LP Gas, autogas, or liquid propane gas) is a flammable mixture of hydrocarbon gases used as a fuel in heating appliances and vehicles. --EOI-- Liquefied petroleum gas (also known as LPG, LP Gas or autogas) is a mixture of hydrocarbon gases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Contraception include barrier methods, such as condoms or diaphragm, injectable contraceptives, and hormonal contraception, also known as oral contraception. --EOI-- Some religions do not like contraception. Some of them teach that contraception is a sin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The peripheral nervous system, or PNS, consists of the nerves and ganglia outside of the brain and spinal cord. The main function of the PNS is to connect the central nervous system (CNS) to the limbs and organs. --EOI-- The Peripheral nervous system, or PNS, is part of the nervous system, and consists of the nerves and neurons that are outside the central nervous system (the brain and spinal cord) and serve the limbs and organs, for example. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Unlike the CNS, the PNS is not protected by the bone of spine and skull, or by the bloodâ "brain barrier, leaving it exposed to toxins and mechanical injuries. --EOI-- The PNS is not protected by bone like the central nervous system. Therefore it is exposed to toxins and mechanical injuries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because of its reactivity with water, lithium is usually stored under cover of a viscous hydrocarbon, often petroleum jelly. --EOI-- Because of this, lithium must be stored in petroleum jelly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The lithium ion Li+ administered as any of several lithium salts has proved to be useful as a mood-stabilizing drug due to neurological effects of the ion in the human body. Lithium and its compounds have several industrial applications, including heat-resistant glass and ceramics, high strength-to-weight alloys used in aircraft, lithium batteries and lithium-ion batteries. --EOI-- Lithium ion batteries also have lithium in them, though not as an element. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lithium salts such as lithium carbonate (Li2CO3), lithium citrate, and lithium orotate are mood stabilizers. They are used in the treatment of bipolar disorder since, unlike most other mood altering drugs, they counteract both depression and mania (though more effective for the latter). --EOI-- Lithium compounds are used in some drugs known as mood stabilizers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lithium salts such as lithium carbonate (Li2CO3), lithium citrate, and lithium orotate are mood stabilizers. --EOI-- It only is in the form of lithium compounds. The ocean has a large amount of lithium in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Cave of Hearths in South Africa has burned deposits dated from 200,000 to 700,000 BP, as do various other sites such as Montagu Cave (58,000 to 200,000 BP) and at the Klasies River Mouth (120,000 to 130,000 BP). --EOI-- The Cave of Hearths in South Africa has burned deposits dated from 0.2 to 0.7 Ma BP, as do many other places such as Montagu Cave (0.058 to 0.2 Ma BP) and at the Klasies River Mouth (0.12 to 0.13 Ma BP). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Unlike wine, which is made by fermentation of naturally sweet grapes and other fruit, rice "wine " results from the fermentation of rice starch converted to sugars. --EOI-- True wine is made by fermenting grapes, and perhaps other fruit. In rice wine, the starch in the rice is first changed into sugar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tendons are similar to ligaments and fasciae as they are all made of collagen except that ligaments join one bone to another bone, and fasciae connect muscles to other muscles. --EOI-- Tendons are similar to ligaments except that ligaments join one bone to another. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A tendon (or sinew) is a tough band of fibrous connective tissue that usually connects muscle to bone and is capable of withstanding tension. --EOI-- A tendon (or sinew) is a tough band of tissue that connects muscle to bone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The fauna was dominated by tiered communities of suspension feeders, mainly with short food chains; this said, the ecological system reached a new grade of complexity far beyond that of the Cambrian fauna, which has persisted until the present day. --EOI-- The fauna was dominated by suspension feeders, mainly with short food chains. The ecological system reached a new grade of complexity far beyond that of the Cambrian fauna. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Megabats eat fruit, nectar or pollen while most microbats eat insects; others may feed on the blood of animals, small mammals, fish, frogs, fruit, pollen or nectar. --EOI-- Megabats eat fruit, nectar or pollen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- More recently, such selection has become a vital part of genetic engineering, with selectable markers such as antibiotic resistance genes being used to manipulate DNA. --EOI-- More recently, such selection has become a very important part of genetic engineering. Selectable markers such as antibiotic resistance genes are used to manipulate DNA in molecular biology. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bronchitis is inflammation of the mucous membranes of the bronchi, the airways that carry airflow from the trachea into the lungs. --EOI-- Bronchitis is an inflammation of the bronchi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Once the hydrogen fuel at the core is exhausted, those stars having at least 0.4 times the mass of the Sun expand to become a red giant, in some cases fusing heavier elements at the core or in shells around the core. --EOI-- Once the hydrogen fuel at the core is exhausted, those stars with at least 0.4 times the mass of the Sun expand to become a red giant, in some cases fusing heavier elements. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most of the matter in the star is blown away by the supernova explosion (forming nebulae such as the Crab Nebula) and what remains will be a neutron star (which sometimes manifests itself as a pulsar or X-ray burster) or, in the case of the largest stars (large enough to leave a stellar remnant greater than roughly 4 solar masses), a black hole. --EOI-- Most of the matter in a star is blown away in the explosion (forming nebulae such as the Crab Nebula) but what remains will collapse into a neutron star (a pulsar or X-ray burster) or, in the case of the largest stars, a black hole. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As stars of at least 0.4 solar masses exhaust their supply of hydrogen at their core, their outer layers expand greatly and cool to form a red giant. --EOI-- Because most stars use up their supply of hydrogen, their outer layers expand and cool to form a red giant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Upon her return to Canada, she married film director Paul Almond in 1967, and starred in three of his films: Isabel (1968), The Act of the Heart (1970) and Journey (1972), winning the Canadian Film Award for best actress for the first two. --EOI-- Back in Canada, she married screenwriter\/director\/producer Paul Almond in 1967, and starred in three of his films; Isabel (1968), The Act of the Heart (1970) and Journey (1972), winning the Canadian Film Award for best actress for the first two. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Currywurst is a fast-food dish of German origin consisting of hot pork sausage cut into slices and seasoned with curry sauce (regularly consisting of ketchup or tomato paste blended with curry) and generous amounts of curry powder, or a ready-made ketchup-based sauce seasoned with curry and other spices. --EOI-- Currywurst is a German dish. It is a hot pork sausage, sliced and covered in a curry sauce (usually ketchup or tomato paste blended with curry) and generous amounts of curry powder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Double acting piston bellows are a type of bellows, used by blacksmiths and smelters to increase the air flow going into the forge, with the property that air is blown out on both strokes of the handle (in contrast to more common bellows that blow air when the stroke is in one direction and refill the bellow in the other direction). These bellows blew a stronger and more constant blast than typical bellows. --EOI-- The bellows will have a kind of sack which has air in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Specifically, Michael Luby and Charles Rackoff analyzed the Feistel cipher construction, and proved that if the round function is a cryptographically secure pseudorandom function, with Ki used as the seed, then 3 rounds is sufficient to make the block cipher a pseudorandom permutation, while 4 rounds is sufficient to make it a "strong " pseudorandom permutation (which means that it remains pseudorandom even to an adversary who gets oracle access to its inverse permutation). --EOI-- Specifically, Michael Luby and Charles Rackoff analyzed the Feistel block cipher construction, and proved that if the round function is a cryptographically secure pseudorandom function, with Ki used as the seed, then 3 rounds is sufficient to make the block cipher a pseudorandom permutation, while 4 rounds is sufficient to make it a "strong " pseudorandom permutation (which means that it remains pseudorandom even to an adversary who gets oracle access to its inverse permutation). --separator-- --simplificataion-- They include a wide variety of pathogens, such as Escherichia, Salmonella, Vibrio, Helicobacter, and many other notable genera. --EOI-- Proteobacteria include a wide variety of pathogens, such as Escherichia coli, Salmonella, Vibrio, Helicobacter, and many other notable genera. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In prophase II we see the disappearance of the nucleoli and the nuclear envelope again as well as the shortening and thickening of the chromatids. Centrioles move to the polar regions and arrange spindle fibers for the second meiotic division. --EOI-- Prophase II: The chromosomes become visible, the nuclear envelope disappears and the centrioles form the spindle fibers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A regular diploid human cell contains 46 chromosomes and is considered 2N because it contains 23 pairs of homologous chromosomes. However, after meiosis I, although the cell contains 46 chromatids, it is only considered as being N, with 23 chromosomes. --EOI-- As there are 46 chromosomes in a human cell, 23 end up on either side. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Therefore, meiosis includes the stages of meiosis I (prophase I, metaphase I, anaphase I, telophase I), and meiosis II (prophase II, metaphase II, anaphase II, telophase II). --EOI-- Just like Mitosis, meiosis includes Prophase, Metaphase, Anaphase and Telophase. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Black Pepper (or perhaps long pepper) was believed to cure illness such as constipation, diarrhea, Limonene, Safrole, earache, gangrene, heart disease, hernia, hoarseness, indigestion, insect bites, insomnia, joint pain, liver problems, lung disease, oral abscesses, sunburn, tooth decay, and toothaches. --EOI-- The 5th century Syriac Book of Medicines prescribes pepper (or perhaps long pepper) for illnesses such as constipation, diarrhea, earache, gangrene, heart disease, hernia, hoarseness, indigestion, insect bites, insomnia, joint pain, liver problems, lung disease, oral abscesses, sunburn, tooth decay, and toothaches. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Various sources from the 5th century onward also recommend pepper to treat eye problems, often by applying salves or poultices made with pepper directly to the eye. --EOI-- Various sources from the 5th century onward also say pepper is good to treat eye problems. Often special ointments made with pepper have to be applied directly to the eye. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some sources say that piperine, a substance present in black pepper, irritates the nostrils, causing the sneezing; Few, if any, controlled studies have been carried out to answer the question. --EOI-- Some sources say that piperine irritates the nostrils, which will cause the sneezing; some say that it is just the effect of the fine dust in ground pepper, and some say that pepper is not in fact a very effective sneeze-producer at all. Few if any controlled studies have been carried out to answer the question. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first emotions of Galerius were those of surprise, disappointment, and rage; and, as he could seldom restrain his passions, he threatened to burn both the letter and the messenger. --EOI-- The first emotions of Galerius were those of surprise, disappointment, and rage; and, as he could seldom restrain his passions, he threatened to burn both the letter and the messenger. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Helium burning (fusion of helium nuclei) soon forms an inert core of carbon and oxygen, with both a helium-burning shell and a hydrogen-burning shell surrounding it. --EOI-- Helium burning soon forms a core of carbon and oxygen, with both a helium and a hydrogen shell surrounding it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The core continues to contract and heat up, and when its temperature reaches 100 million K, helium nuclei begin to fuse into carbon and oxygen. --EOI-- When its reaches 100 million K, helium begins to fuse into carbon and oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While most green leafy vegetables and other sources of lycopene are low in fats and oils, lycopene is insoluble in water and is tightly bound to vegetable fiber. Processed tomato products such as pasteurized tomato juice, soup, sauce, and ketchup contain the highest concentrations of bioavailable lycopene from tomato-based sources. --EOI-- Ketchup contains the highest concentrations of bioavailable lycopene. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its cause could be the result of inflammation, infection, blockage, or injury of the male reproductive tract or a problem within the urethra, testicles, epididymis or prostate. --EOI-- This is a condition called hematospermia, and may be because of some blockage, inflammation, infection or injury to some part of the male sex organs, such as the urethra, epididymis, prostate or testicles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lithium carbonate is a chemical compound of lithium, carbon, and oxygen with the formula Li2CO3. --EOI-- Lithium carbonate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Li2CO3. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lemon juice is about 5% to 6% (approximately 0.3 M) citric acid, which gives lemons a sour taste, and a pH of 2-3. This makes lemon juice an inexpensive, readily available acid for use in educational science experiments. --EOI-- Lemon juice is about 5% citric acid, and has a pH of 2 to 3. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The stomach needs only to push food into the small intestine when the intestine is not busy. While the intestine is full and still digesting food, the stomach acts as storage for food. --EOI-- Food in the stomach then passes through to the small intestine where most of the food's nutrition is absorbed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- According to German food laws, only products called "Bavarian LeberkÃ se " are allowed not to contain liver; otherwise, there must be a minimum liver content of 4%. --EOI-- According to German food laws, only products called "Bavarian LeberkÃ se " are allowed not to have liver in them; otherwise, there must be a minimum liver content of 4%. --separator-- --simplificataion-- (German, literally means` liver cheese'; sometimes spelled LeberkÃ s or Leberka (a) s in Austria and the Swabian, Bavarian and Franconian parts of Germany and FleischkÃ se in Switzerland and the Tyrol) is a specialty food found in the south of Germany, in Austria and parts of Switzerland, similar to bologna sausage. --EOI-- (sometimes called LeberkÃ s or Leberka (a) s, in Switzerland usually called FleischkÃ se) is a meat specialty. It originally was from the South of Germany. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Caecilians are the only order of amphibians that use internal insemination exclusively (although the tailed frog in the U.S. does use a tail-like appendage for internal insemination in its fast flowing water environment). --EOI-- Caecilians are the only order of amphibians which only use internal insemination. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Even data from the early years of the Columbian era is suspect and incomplete because the distinction between a hurricane and an extratropical system was not drawn by Renaissance scientists and sailors and because European exploration and colonization of the regions affected by hurricanes did not begin in earnest until the mid-16th century. --EOI-- Even info from the early years of the Columbian era is suspect and incomplete because the difference between a hurricane and an extratropical system was not drawn by Renaissance scientists and sailors and because European exploration and colonization of the regions affected by hurricanes did not begin in earnest until the mid-16th century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aneurysms can commonly occur in arteries at the base of the brain (the circle of Willis) and an aortic aneurysm occurs in the main artery carrying blood from the left ventricle of the heart. --EOI-- Aneurysms usually happen in arteries at the base of the brain and in the aorta (the main artery coming out of the heart)- this is an aortic aneurysm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Travertine is a terrestrial sedimentary rock, formed by the precipitation of carbonate minerals from solution in ground and surface waters, and\/or geothermally heated hot-springs. --EOI-- This happens from solution in ground and surface waters, and\/or geothermally heated hot-springs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Noxious animals usually have thick, leathery cuticles through which, at certain points, they extrude noxious fluids when pecked; they will often survive a` trial'. --EOI-- Noxious animals usually have thick, leathery cuticles through which, at certain points, they extrude noxious fluids when pecked; they will often survive a` trial'. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A polyurethane (IUPAC abbreviation PUR, but commonly abbreviated PU) is any polymer consisting of a chain of organic units joined by urethane (carbamate) links. --EOI-- Its name is oftened shoredened to PU or PUR. Polyurethane is made of organic units, which are joined by urethane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Polyurethanes are widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating, rigid foam insulation panels, microcellular foam seals and gaskets, durable elastomeric wheels and tires, automotive suspension bushings, electrical potting compounds, high performance adhesives, surface coatings and sealants, Spandex fibers, seals, gaskets, carpet underlay, and hard plastic parts (such as for electronic instruments). --EOI-- Polyurethanes are widely used in high resiliency flexible foam seating, rigid foam insulation panels, microcellular foam seals and gaskets, durable elastomeric wheels and tires, automotive suspension bushings, electrical potting compounds, high performance adhesives and sealants, Spandex fibers, seals, gaskets, carpet underlay, and hard plastic parts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Potassium salts are also available in tablets or capsules, which for therapeutic purposes are formulated to allow potassium to leach slowly out of a matrix, as very high concentrations of potassium ion (which might occur next to a solid tablet of potassium chloride) can kill tissue, and cause injury to the gastric or intestinal mucosa. For this reason, non-prescription supplement potassium pills are limited by law in the U.S. to only 99 mg of potassium. --EOI-- The potassium hydroxide or potassium chloride has to be melted at a very high temperature. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Irregularly shaped and reddish in color, it is thought to consist of porous water ice with unknown amounts of other materials. --EOI-- Non-spherical and reddish in color, it is thought to have of water ice with unknown amounts of other materials. --separator-- --simplificataion-- (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see Appendix F: Concentration Camps: EndlÃ sungâ "The Final Solution; Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people, see) --EOI-- (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see Appendix F: Concentration Camps: EndlÃ sungâ "The Final Solution; Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people, see) --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although the term opiate is often used as a synonym for opioid, the term opiate is properly limited to only the natural alkaloids found in the resin of the opium poppy (Papaver somniferum). --EOI-- The term Opiate is sometimes used as a synonym. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Galen listed mandrake root, altercus (eclata). seeds, and poppy juice (opium) as the chief examples. --EOI-- Galen listed mandrake root or poppy juice among the main examples for such substances. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The syndrome has a very low rate of survival, resulting from heart abnormalities, kidney malformations, and other internal organ disorders. --EOI-- The syndrome has a very low rate of survival. People with Edwards syndrome often have heart abnormalities, kidney malformations, and other internal organ disorders. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The seed is also used in various alternative healing systems like Ayurveda (to control diabetes, for example.), Unani and Chinese medicine for digestive ailments. --EOI-- The seed is also used in various alternative healing systems like Ayurveda, Unani and Chinese medicine for digestive ailments. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Subclinical riboflavin deficiency has also been observed in women taking oral contraceptives, in the elderly, in people with eating disorders, and in disease states such as HIV, inflammatory bowel disease, diabetes and chronic heart disease. --EOI-- Subclinical riboflavin deficiency also happens more easily in women taking the contraceptive pill. It also may happen when people get old, or can not eat properly, or who have sicknesses such as AIDS, inflammatory bowel disease, diabetes and chronic heart disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is difficult to incorporate riboflavin into many liquid products because it has poor solubility in water, hence the requirement for riboflavin-5'- phosphate (E101a), a more expensive but more soluble form of riboflavin. Riboflavin is generally stable during the heat processing and normal cooking of foods if light is excluded. --EOI-- These foods have a lot of riboflavin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The latter organism has been genetically modified to both increase the bacteria's production of riboflavin and to introduce an antibiotic (ampicillin) resistance marker, and is now successfully employed at a commercial scale to produce riboflavin for feed and food fortification purposes. The chemical company BASF has installed a plant in South Korea, which is specialized on riboflavin production using Ashbya gossypii. --EOI-- People call it fortification with riboflavin when they add riboflavin to food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hairy (or more specifically, stalked-glandular) leaves can catch and retain drops of rainwater, especially if shield-shaped or peltate, thus promoting bacteria growth. --EOI-- Hairy leaves do catch and hold drops of rainwater, which helps bacterial growth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Insects land on the leaf, become mired by the surface tension of the water, and suffocate. --EOI-- Insects land on the leaf, are caught by the surface tension of the water, and suffocate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lotus was also among the pioneers in Formula One in adding wings and shaping the undersurface of the car to create downforce, as well as the first to move radiators to the sides in the car to aid in aerodynamic performance, and inventing active suspension. --EOI-- This created aerodynamic downforce. They were the first to move radiators to the sides of the car. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Along with sodium chloride and lithium chloride, potassium chloride is used as a flux for the gas welding of aluminium. --EOI-- The sodium gas reacts with the potassium chloride to make potassium gas and sodium chloride. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Glutamic acid decarboxylase antibodies are commonly found in diabetes mellitus type 1. --EOI-- There are glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD) antibodies connected with the latent autoimmune diabetes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Latent Autoimmune Diabetes of Adults (LADA), also known as, Diabetes Type 1.5, is a term coined by Tuomi et al. in 1993 (Diabetes 42:359-362) to describe slow-onset Type 1 autoimmune diabetes in adults. The Expert Committee on the Diagnosis and Classification of Diabetes Mellitus (Diabetes Care, Volume 30, Supplement 1, January 2007) does not recognize the term LADA; rather, the Expert Committee includes LADA in the definition of Type 1 autoimmune diabetes (â Type 1 diabetes results from a cellular-mediated autoimmune destruction of the beta-cells of the pancreas. --EOI-- Latent autoimmune diabetes of adults (LADA) is extremely similar to both Type 1 diabetes and Type 2 diabetes: although the disease is autoimmune, insulin resistance accompanies the disease as it does Type 2 diabetes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When Marie Taglioni first danced La Sylphide en pointe, her shoes were nothing more than modified satin slippers; the soles were made of leather and the sides and toes were darned to help the shoes hold their shapes. --EOI-- When Marie Taglioni first danced La Sylphide en pointe, her shoes were nothing more than modified satin slippers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because the shoes of this period offered no support, dancers would pad their toes for comfort and rely on the strength of their feet and ankles for support. --EOI-- Because the shoes of this period offered no support, dancers would pad their toes for comfort and rely on the strength of their feet and ankles for support. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A chemical compound is a pure chemical substance consisting of two or more different chemical elements that can be separated into simpler substances by chemical reactions. Chemical compounds have a unique and defined chemical structure; they consist of a fixed ratio of atoms that are held together in a defined spatial arrangement by chemical bonds. --EOI-- A chemical compound is a chemical made by joining together atoms of different chemical elements. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other times, different alleles will have the same result in the expression of a gene. Most multicellular organisms have two sets of chromosomes, that is, they are diploid. --EOI-- Since such organisms have two sets of chromosomes, they have two alleles at each gene locus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A zombie computer (often shortened as zombie) is a computer connected to the Internet that has been compromised by a cracker, computer virus or trojan horse and can be used to perform malicious tasks of one sort or another under remote direction. --EOI-- A zombie computer (often shortened as zombie) is a computer attached to the Internet that has been compromised by a hacker, a computer virus, or a trojan horse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Percy locates Grover through his empathy link in Central Park and finds him under a giant elm tree, whereupon Percy wakes him up by yelling, (via empathy link) "FOOD, PANCAKES! " --EOI-- Percy locates Grover through his empathy link in Central Park and finds him under a giant elm tree. Percy wakes him up by yelling, (via empathy link) "FOOD, PANCAKES! ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- School Library Journal wrote that " (l) ike many series, the "Percy Jackson " books are beginning to show the strain of familiarity and repetition ", before adding "However, the overarching story line remains compelling, and the cliff-hanger ending will leave readers breathless in anticipation of the fifth and final volume. " --EOI-- However School Library Journal wrote "Like many series, the "Percy Jackson " books are beginning to show the strain of familiarity and repetition. " before adding: "However, the overarching story line remains compelling, and the cliff-hanger ending will leave readers breathless in anticipation of the fifth and final volume. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Percy soon learns that Luke had used this entrance before and will try and lead his army through the Labyrinth straight in to the heart of Camp Half-Blood. --EOI-- Percy soon learns that Luke had used the entrance and will lead his army through the Labyrinth straight in to the heart of Camp Half-Blood. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After being attacked by empousai cheerleaders at his new school, Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood and learns about the Labyrinth; part of the palace of King Minos in Crete that was designed by Daedalus. --EOI-- After being attacked by Empousai cheerleaders at his new school, Percy returns to Camp Half-Blood and learns about "The Labyrinth ", part of the palace of King Minos in Crete that, according to Greek mythology, was designed by Daedalus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has been stated that the south coast of the Orinoco from the point of Barima, 20 leagues more or less inland, up to the creek of Curucima, is low lying and swampy land and, consequently, reckoning all this tract as useless, very few patches of fertile land being found therein, and hardly any savannahs and pastures, it is disregarded; so taking as chief base the said creek of Curucima, or the point of the chain and ridge in the great arm of the Imataka, an imaginary line will be drawn running to the south-south-east following the slopes of the ridge of the same name which is crossed by the Rivers Aguire, Arature and Amacuro, and others, in the distance of 20 leagues, direct to the Cuyuni; from there it will run on to the Masaruni and Essequibo, parallel to the sources of the Berbis and Surinama; this is the directing line of the course which the new Settlements and foundations proposed must follow. --EOI-- It has been stated that the south coast of the Orinoco from the point of Barima, 20 leagues more or less inland, up to the creek of Curucima, is low lying and swampy land and, so, reckoning all this tract as useless, very few patches of fertile land being found therein, and hardly any savannahs and pastures, it is disregarded; so taking as chief base the said creek of Curucima, or the point of the chain and ridge in the great arm of the Imataka, an imaginary line will be drawn running to the south-south-east following the slopes of the ridge of the same name which is crossed by the Rivers Aguire, Arature and Amacuro, and others, in the distance of 20 leagues, direct to the Cuyuni; from there it will run on to the Masaruni and Essequibo, parallel to the sources of the Berbis and Surinama; this is the directing line of the course which the new Settlements and foundations proposed must follow. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Frostbite (congelatio in medical terminology) is the medical condition where localized damage is caused to skin and other tissues due to extreme cold. --EOI-- Frostbite is the localized medical condition where very cold temperatures damage skin and other tissue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Shiva Lingams in India have tended to become more and more stylized over the centuries, and existing lingams from before the 6th century show a more leaning towards the naturalistic style, with the "glans " clearly indicated. --EOI-- Shiva Lingams in India have tended to become more and more stylized over the centuries, and existing lingams from before the 6th century show a more leaning towards the naturalistic style, with the glans clearly indicated. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The almost naturalistic giant lingam is distinguished by its prominent, bulbous "head ", and an anthromorphic form of Shiva carved in high relief on the "shaft ". --EOI-- The almost naturalistic giant lingam is distinguished by its prominent, bulbous head, and an anthromorphic form of Shiva carved in high relief on the shaft. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Functions may variously include sensing touch, air motion, heat, vibration (sound), and especially olfaction (smell) or gustation (taste). --EOI-- The organ may sense touch, air motion, heat, vibration (sound), and especially olfaction (smell) or gustation (taste). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Several chemical tests utilize copper sulfate. It is used in Fehling's solution and Benedict's solution to test for reducing sugars, which reduce the soluble blue copper (II) sulfate to insoluble red copper (I) oxide. --EOI-- Hydrogen is made, as well as copper sulfate solution. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rod cells, or rods, are photoreceptor cells in the retina of the eye that can function in less intense light than can the other type of visual photoreceptor, cone cells. --EOI-- Rod cells are one of two types of photoreceptor cells that can be found in the retina of the eyes of humans, as well as other animals. The other type are the cone cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If excess sodium hydroxide is added, the precipitate of zinc hydroxide will dissolve, forming a colorless solution of zincate ion: Zn (OH) 2+ 2OH-â' Zn (OH) 42-. --EOI-- Its chemical formula is Zn (OH) 2. It contains zinc and hydroxide ions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To measure the wingspan of a bird, a live or freshly dead specimen is placed flat on its back, the wings are grasped at the wrist joints, ankles and the distance is measured between the tips of the longest primary feathers on each wing. --EOI-- To measure the wingspan of a bird, a live or freshly dead specimen is placed flat on its back, the wings are grasped at the wrist joints and ankles, and then the distance is measured between the tips of the longest primary feathers on each wing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Virology is the study of viruses and virus-like agents: their structure, classification and evolution, their ways to infect and exploit cells for virus reproduction, the diseases they cause, the techniques to isolate and culture them, and their use in research and therapy. Virology is often considered a part of microbiology or of pathology. --EOI-- Virology is the study of viruses such as the cold virus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some women experience intense pleasure if the G-Spot is stimulated appropriately during sexual activity. A G-Spot orgasm may be responsible for female ejaculation, leading some doctors and researchers to believe that G-Spot pleasure comes from the Skene's glands, a female homolog of the prostate, rather than any particular spot on the vaginal wall. --EOI-- The G-spot, if stimulated, leads to a strong orgasm or female ejaculation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The story of the film takes place during the youth of Tod and Copper, in which Copper is tempted to join a band of singing stray dogs. --EOI-- The story takes place during the youth of Tod and Copper, in which Copper is tempted to join a band of singing stray dogs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The film ends with Copper choosing to leave the band and play with Tod again. --EOI-- The movie ends with Copper choosing to leave the band and play with Tod again. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Upon admission into the Order of Merit, members are entitled to use the post-nominal letters OM, and are entrusted with the badge of the order, consisting of a golden crown from which is suspended a red enamelled cross, itself centred by a disk of blue enamel, surrounded by a gold laurel wreath, and bearing in gold lettering the words FOR MERIT; the insignia for the military grouping is distinguished by a pair of crossed swords behind the central disk. --EOI-- On admission into the Order of Merit, members can use the post-nominal letters OM, and have the badge of the order, consisting of a golden crown from which is suspended a red enamelled cross, itself centred by a disk of blue enamel, surrounded by a gold laurel wreath, and bearing in gold lettering the words FOR MERIT; the insignia for the military grouping has a pair of crossed swords behind the central disk. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The hind feet each had three short toes, while each forefoot had five toes; only the inner two toes had a blunt hoof. --EOI-- The back legs each had three short toes, while the front legs had five toes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some, notably first-time sufferers, may call for emergency services. Many who experience a panic attack, mostly for the first time, fear they are having a heart attack or a nervous breakdown. --EOI-- Others, notably first-time sufferers, may even call for emergency services; many who experience a panic attack for the first time fear they are having a heart attack or a nervous breakdown. --separator-- --simplificataion-- About 90% of those infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis have asymptomatic, latent TB infection (sometimes called LTBI), with only a 10% lifetime chance that a latent infection will progress to TB disease. --EOI-- If a person becomes infected with TB, there is a 90% chance that it will be a latent TB infection, meaning that they will not become sick or infect other people. However, there is a 10% chance that the latent TB infection will turn into Active Tuberculosis Disease at some time in the person's life. --separator-- --simplificataion-- People with latent infections are treated to prevent them from progressing to active TB disease later in life. --EOI-- However, there is a 10% chance that the latent TB infection will turn into Active Tuberculosis Disease at some time in the person's life. People who have a latent TB infection can not spread the disease to other people. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His best-known discoveries are the discovery of the enzyme lysozyme in 1923 and the antibiotic substance penicillin from the mold Penicillium notatum in 1928, for which he shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945 with Howard Florey and Ernst Chain. --EOI-- He is best known for discovering the antibiotic substance penicillin in 1928. He shared a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945 for this discovery with Howard Walter Florey and Ernst Boris Chain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mesenteric ischemia (Mesenteric ischemia- British English) is a medical condition in which inflammation and injury of the small intestine result from inadequate blood supply.. --EOI-- Mesenteric ischemia is a medical condition in which inflammation and injury of the small intestine result from not enough blood getting to it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Causes of the reduced blood flow can include changes in the systemic circulation (e.g. low blood pressure) or local factors such as constriction of blood vessels or a blood clot. --EOI-- Causes for the small amount of blood include low blood pressure, blood vessels becoming smaller, or a blood clot. --separator-- --simplificataion-- According to some, a quickie between a heterosexual couple generally satisfies only the man's desire; others claim that quickies (with intercourse or some other form of stimulation of the vulva) can be "a major turn-on " for a woman, too, but still may not give a woman enough time to lubricate naturally, and so require the use of an artificial water-based lubricant. --EOI-- According to some, a quickie between a heterosexual couple generally satisfies only the man's desire. Others claim that quickies (with intercourse or some other form of stimulation of the vulva) can be "a major turn-on " for a woman, too, but still may not give a woman enough time to lubricate naturally, and so require the use of a water-based lubricant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is usually served au jus ( "with juice "), that is, with beef juice from the cooking process. --EOI-- It comes with a special sauce called au jus which is usually made with the juice and fat that came off the roast beef when they were cooking it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both the mist and the solution have a corrosive effect on human tissue, with the potential to damage respiratory organs, eyes, skin, and intestines. --EOI-- These can damage the eyes, the skin, the respiratory system, and other organs of the human body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hydrochloric acid is a solution of hydrogen chloride (HCl) in water, that is a highly corrosive, strong mineral acid with many industrial uses. --EOI-- Hydrochloric acid is a chemical compound. It is a solution of hydrogen chloride (HCl) gas that is dissolved in water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Internal hemorrhoids usually present with painless rectal bleeding while external hemorrhoids present with pain in the area of the anus. --EOI-- Internal hemorrhoids usually present with painless rectal bleeding while external hemorrhoids present with pain in the area of the anus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hemorrhoids (US English) or hemorrhoids (British English; pronounced\/Ë hÉ mÉ rÉ "É dz\/), are vascular structures in the anal canal which help with stool control. --EOI-- Hemorrhoid or hemorrhoids are vascular structures in the anal canal which help with stool control. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He also discovered unmyelinated nerve fibers and the nerve cells in the heart sometimes called Remak's ganglia. --EOI-- He worked on embryology, and also discovered unmyelinated nerve fibers and the nerve cells in the heart sometimes called Remak's ganglia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Among the rocks then obtained and submitted to Sir John Murray for examination were many of nearly pure phosphate of lime, a discovery which led to annexation of the island by the British Crown on 6 June 1888. --EOI-- There were several visits and explorations of the island, but it was only when valuable phosphate of lime was discovered that the island was annexed to (claimed by) the British Crown on 6 June 1888. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The vents have their own unique ecosystem, which support diverse organisms such as giant tube worms, swarms of blind white crabs, and vast amounts of shrimp which are capable of "seeing " water that is heated by the vents. --EOI-- The vents have their own unique ecosystem, which support diverse organisms such as giant tube worms, swarms of blind white crabs, and vast amounts of shrimp which are capable of "seeing " water that is heated by the vents. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nasal septum can depart from the center line of the nose in a condition is known as a deviated septum due to trauma. --EOI-- The nasal septum can depart from the centreline of the nose; this condition is known as a deviated septum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nasal septum separates the left and right airways in the nose, dividing the two nostrils. --EOI-- The nasal septum separates the left and right airways in the nose and divides the two nostrils. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His racing career was cut short by illness after only one year, following which he spent two years as a show horse. --EOI-- His racing career was cut short by illnesses. After racing, he became a show horse and a roping horse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Foaled, or born, in 1951, Lightning Bar was bred to be a race horse, but injuries and bouts of illnesses kept him from racing past the age of two. --EOI-- Born in 1951, Lightning Bar was bred to be a racehorse. Injuries and illnesses kept him from racing past the age of two. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was nicknamed the "Terror Bird " for obvious reasons: it was one of the largest carnivorous birds to have ever existed, along with Titanis, Kelenken and Brontornis, and its rudimentary wings formed arm-like structures with claws shaped like a meat hook for tackling prey, which was then killed with the massive beak. --EOI-- It was nicknamed the "Terror Bird " for obvious reasons: it was one of the largest carnivorous birds ever to have existed, along with Titanis, Kelenken and Brontornis. Its rudimentary wings had claws shaped like a meat hook for tackling prey, which was then killed with the massive beak. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The structure of the beak and the large claws on the toes show that this was a bird of prey. --EOI-- The structure of the beak and the large claws on the toes show that this was a bird of prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ledger received "Best Actor of 2005 " awards from both the New York Film Critics Circle and the San Francisco Film Critics Circle for his performance in Brokeback Mountain, in which he plays Wyoming ranch hand Ennis Del Mar, who has a love affair with aspiring rodeo rider Jack Twist, played by Jake Gyllenhaal. --EOI-- Ledger received "Best Actor of 2005 " awards from both the New York Film Critics Circle and the San Francisco Film Critics Circle for his acting in Brokeback Mountain. In this movie he plays Wyoming ranchhand Ennis Del Mar, who is in love with rodeorider Jack Twist, played by Jake Gyllenhaal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sucrose is the most prevalent sugar in maple syrup. --EOI-- Maple syrup is a thick kind of syrup made from the sap of maple trees. It is made mostly of a type of sugar called sucrose, and is usually eaten together with waffles and pancakes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Artists who have worked extensively in geometric abstraction include Nadir Afonso, Josef Albers, Richard Anuszkiewicz, Mino Argento, Max Bill, Ilya Bolotowsky, Nassos Daphnis, Ronald Davis, Tony DeLap, Burgoyne Diller, Theo van Doesburg, Thomas Downing, GÃ 1\/4 nter Fruhtrunk, Al Held, Wassily Kandinsky, Ellsworth Kelly, Hilma af Klint, Frantisek Kupka, Michael Loew, Kazimir Malevich, Agnes Martin, John McLaughlin, Piet Mondrian, Barnett Newman, Kenneth Noland, Ad Reinhardt, Jack Reilly, Bridget Riley, Alexander Rodchenko, Sean Scully, Leon Polk Smith, Frank Stella, Sophie Taeuber-Arp, Victor Vasarely, Charmion von Wiegand, Zanis Waldheims, Gordon Walters, Neil Williams and Larry Zox among others. --EOI-- Artists who have worked extensively in geometric abstraction include Josef Albers, Theo van Doesburg, Wassily Kandinsky, Kazimir Malevich, Piet Mondrian, Barnett Newman, Kenneth Noland, Bridget Riley, Alexander Rodchenko, Sophie Taeuber-Arp, among others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Alan White Active: 1995-- 2004 Instruments: drums, percussion Release contributions: (What's the Story) Morning Glory? --EOI-- ; Alan White Active: 1995-- 2004 Instruments: drums, percussion Release contributions: (What's the Story) Morning Glory? --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Paul "Bonehead " Arthurs Active: 1991-- 1999 Instruments: rhythm guitar, piano, mellotron Release contributions: Definitely Maybe (1994), (What's the Story) Morning Glory? --EOI-- ; Paul "Bonehead " Arthurs Active: 1991-- 1999 Instruments: rhythm guitar, piano, mellotron Release contributions: Definitely Maybe (1994), (What's the Story) Morning Glory? --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Paul "Guigsy " McGuigan Active: 1991-- 1999 Instruments: bass Release contributions: Definitely Maybe (1994), (What's the Story) Morning Glory? --EOI-- ; Paul "Guigsy " McGuigan Active: 1991-- 1999 Instruments: bass Release contributions: Definitely Maybe (1994), (What's the Story) Morning Glory? --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the Black Death (bubonic plague) reached Al Andalus in the 14th century, Ibn Khatima hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by "minute bodies " which enter the human body and cause disease. --EOI-- When the Black Death (bubonic plague) reached Al Andalus in the 14th century, Ibn Khatima hypothesized that infectious diseases are caused by "minute bodies " which enter the human body and cause disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Epidemiological tools have proved effective in establishing major causes of diseases like cholera and lung cancer, but have had problems with more subtle health issues, and several recent epidemiological results on medical treatments (for example, on the effects of hormone replacement therapy) have been refuted by later randomized controlled trials. --EOI-- Epidemiological tools have proved effective in establishing major causes of diseases like cholera and lung cancer but have had problems with more subtle health issues, and several recent epidemiological results on medical treatments (for example, on the effects of hormone replacement therapy) have been refuted by later randomized controlled trials. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another 14th century Andalusian-Arabian physician, Ibn al-Khatib (1313â "1374), wrote a treatise called On the Plague, in which he stated how infectious disease can be transmitted through bodily contact and "through garments, vessels and earrings. " --EOI-- Another Andalusian-Arabian physician, Ibn al-Khatib (1313â "1374) in his treatise On the Plague stated how infectious disease can be transmitted through bodily contact and "through garments, vessels and earrings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ruminating mammals include cattle, goats, sheep, giraffes, bison, moose, elk, yaks, water buffalo, deer, camels, alpacas, llamas, wildebeest, antelope, pronghorn, and nilgai. --EOI-- Ruminating mammals include cattle, goats, sheep, giraffes, bison, yaks, water buffalo, deer, camels, alpacas, llamas, wildebeest, antelope, pronghorn, and nilgai. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The four parts of the stomach are rumen, reticulum, omasum, and abomasum. --EOI-- The four parts of the stomach are the rumen, reticulum, omasum, and abomasum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the first two chambers, the rumen and the reticulum, the food is mixed with saliva and separates into layers of solid and liquid material. --EOI-- In the first two chambers, the rumen and the reticulum, the food is mixed with saliva and separates into layers of solid and liquid material. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rather, ruminants' requirement for glucose (for brain function and lactation if appropriate) is made by the liver from propionate, one of the volatile fatty acids made in the rumen. --EOI-- Rather, ruminants' requirement for glucose (for brain function and lactation if appropriate) is made by the liver. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In his practice, Freud had a patient who would today be diagnosed with the disorder: Russian aristocrat Sergei Pankejeff (nicknamed "The Wolf Man " by Freud himself in order to protect Pankejeff's identity), had a preoccupation with his nose to such an extent it greatly limited his functioning. --EOI-- Sigmund Freud had an important Russian person (Sergei Pankejeff) with him in the past, who would have been classified as having the disorder in modern times. Freud named him "The Wolf Man ", to protect Pankejeff's identity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- 74 subjects were enrolled in a placebo-controlled study group to evaluate the efficiency of fluoxetine hydrochloride (Prozac); patients were enrolled in a 12-weeks, double-blind, randomized study. --EOI-- 74 subjects were enrolled in a placebo controlled study group to evaluate the efficiency of fluoxetine hydrochloride, a SSRI drug. Patients were randomized to receive 12-weeks of double-blind treatment with fluoxetine or the placebo. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Due to believed low levels of serotonin in the brain, another commonly used treatment is SSRI drugs (Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor). --EOI-- (8) Due to low levels of serotonin in the brain, another commonly used treatment is SSRI drugs (Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor). --separator-- --simplificataion-- While the Quantum Link service ran on a Commodore 64, using only the Commodore's PETSCII text-graphics, the screen was visually divided up into sections and OLMs would appear as a yellow bar saying "Message From: " and the name of the sender along with the message across the top of whatever the user was already doing, and presented a list of options for responding. --EOI-- While the Quantum Link service ran on a Commodore 64, using only the Commodore's PETSCII text-graphics, the screen was visually divided up into sections and OLMs would appear as a yellow bar saying "Message From: " and the name of the sender along with the message across the top of whatever the user was already doing, and presented a list of options for responding. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Football legend, former FC Bayern President and DFB Vice-President, Franz Beckenbauer, on the other hand, showed his support for Stoiber by letting him join the German national football team on their flight home from Japan after the 2002 FIFA World Cup. --EOI-- Football legend, FC Bayern President and Vice-President of the German Football Association, Franz Beckenbauer, on the other hand, showed his support for Stoiber by letting him join the German national football team on their flight home from Japan after the 2002 FIFA World Cup. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A meteor impact throws both Ratchet and Clank off of the platform; Clank manages to grab onto the ledge and catch Ratchet, but the strain of supporting Ratchet's weight causes heavy damage to Clank's arm. Ratchet offers to repair Clank, and as the game ends they walk off together as a team. --EOI-- Clank fixes Ratchet's ship, so that Ratchet will help him. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After the script is translated from Japanese, the lines are adapted to fit the movements of the character's mouth (called lip flap). --EOI-- After the script is translated from Japanese, the lines are adapted to fit the movements of the character's mouth (called lip flap). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Legally and in hazardous chemical labeling, poisons are especially toxic substances; less toxic substances are labeled "harmful ", "irritant ", or not labeled at all. --EOI-- Legally and in hazardous chemical labeling, poisons are especially toxic substances. Less toxic substances are labeled "harmful ", "irritant ", or not labeled at all. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ribulose-1,5- bisphosphate carboxylase oxygenase, most commonly known by the shorter name RuBisCO, is an enzyme involved in the Calvin cycle that catalyzes the first major step of carbon fixation, a process by which the atoms of atmospheric carbon dioxide are made available to organisms in the form of energy-rich molecules such as glucose. --EOI-- Ribulose-1,5- bisphosphate carboxylase oxygenase, better known as RuBisCO, is an enzyme that catalyzes the first major step of carbon fixation in the Calvin cycle. Carbon fixation is a process by which the atoms of atmospheric carbon dioxide are made available to organisms in the form of energy-rich molecules such as glucose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The trend towards differentiation is found in some labyrinthodonts and early anapsid reptilians in the form of enlargement of the first teeth on the maxilla, forming a form of proto-canines. --EOI-- The trend towards differentiation is found in some labyrinthodonts and early anapsid reptilians. Thet have enlarged first teeth on the maxilla, forming a form of proto-canines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Originally, the opening in the skull left the inner cranium only covered by the jaw muscles, but in higher therapsids and mammals the sphenoid bone has expanded to close the opening. --EOI-- Originally, the opening in the skull left the inner cranium only covered by the jaw muscles, but in higher therapsids and mammals the sphenoid bone has expanded to close the opening. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a symptom usually associated with the common cold and chesty coughs, but can also be found in patients with infections of the adenoids, middle ear, sinus or tonsils. --EOI-- It is a symptom usually from the common cold and coughs, but can also be found in people with infections of the adenoids, middle ear, sinus or tonsils. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Catarrh is a disorder of inflammation of the mucous membranes. It can result in a thick exudate of mucus and white blood cells caused by the swelling of the mucous membranes in the head in response to an infection. --EOI-- Catarrh is a thick fluid of mucus and white blood cells caused by the swelling of the mucous membranes in the head because of an infection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In some algae (such as the heterokonts and other protists such as Euglenozoa and Cercozoa), chloroplasts seem to have evolved through a secondary event of endosymbiosis, in which a eukaryotic cell engulfed a second eukaryotic cell containing chloroplasts, forming chloroplasts with three or four membrane layers. --EOI-- In some algae (such as the heterokonts), chloroplasts seem to have evolved through a secondary event of endosymbiosis, in which a eukaryotic cell engulfed a second eukaryotic cell containing chloroplasts, forming chloroplasts with three or four membrane layers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This was first suggested by Mereschkowsky in 1905 after an observation by Schimper in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resemble cyanobacteria. --EOI-- This was first suggested by Mereschkowsky in 1905 after an observation by Schimper in 1883 that chloroplasts closely resembled cyanobacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Plastids may contain 60-100 genes whereas cyanobacteria often contain more than 1500 genes. --EOI-- Plastids may contain 60-- 100 genes whereas cyanobacteria often contain more than 1500 genes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chloroplasts have their own genome, which is considerably reduced compared to that of free-living cyanobacteria, but the parts that are still present show clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome. --EOI-- Chloroplasts have their own genome, which is much smaller than that of free-living cyanobacteria. The DNA which remains shows clear similarities with the cyanobacterial genome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many disease processes, such as diabetes, heart disease, autoimmunity, and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways, further highlighting the critical importance of signal transduction to biology, as well as medicine. --EOI-- Many disease processes such as diabetes, heart disease, autoimmunity and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways. This highlights the critical importance of signal transduction to biology and medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sensing of both the external and internal environments at the cellular level relies on signal transduction. Many disease processes, such as diabetes, heart disease, autoimmunity, and cancer arise from defects in signal transduction pathways, further highlighting the critical importance of signal transduction to biology, as well as medicine. --EOI-- A signal transduction in biology, is a cellular mechanism. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eventually, the signal creates a change in the cell, either in the expression of the DNA in the nucleus or in the activity of enzymes in the cytoplasm. --EOI-- Eventually, the signal creates a change in the cell, either in the expression of the DNA in the nucleus or in the activity of enzymes in the cytoplasm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some chemical messengers, such as testosterone, can pass through the cell membrane, and bind directly to receptors in the cytoplasm or nucleus. --EOI-- Some chemical messengers, such as testosterone, can pass through the cell membrane, and bind directly to receptors in the cytoplasm or nucleus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The lines of color and stripes present on Frieza before completely disappear; his skin is now a pure, solid white with purple sections on his head, shoulders, forearms, chest and shins. --EOI-- His skin becomes pure, solid white with purple sections on his head, shoulders, forearms, chest and shins. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In typesetting by hand compositing, a sort is a piece of type representing a particular letter or symbol, cast from a matrix mould and assembled with other sorts bearing additional letters into lines of type to make up a forme from which a page is printed. --EOI-- In typesetting by hand compositing, a sort is a piece of type representing a specific letter or symbol, cast from a matrix mould and assembled with other sorts bearing additional letters into lines of type to make up a forme, from which a page is printed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Regulations also govern what may be marketed as "white chocolate ": In the United States, since 2004, white chocolate must be (by weight) at least 20% cocoa butter, 14% total milk solids, and 3.5% milk fat, and no more than 55% sugar or other sweeteners. --EOI-- In the United States, white chocolate must be at least 20% cocoa butter, at least 14% total milk solids, at least 3.5% milk fat, and less than 55% sugar or other sweeteners. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although white chocolate is made the same way as milk chocolate and dark chocolate, it lacks cocoa paste, liquor or powder. --EOI-- White chocolate is a type of chocolate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- White chocolate is made of cocoa butter, milk, and sugar. --EOI-- White chocolate is made of cocoa butter, milk, and sugar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pfleumer's invention used an iron (III) oxide (Fe2O3) powder coating on a long strip of paper. --EOI-- Pfleumer's invention used an iron oxide (Fe2O3) powder coating on a long strip of paper. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Females and juveniles have a green crown, a gray throat with some red markings, a gray chest and belly, and a dark, rounded tail with white tips on the outer feathers. --EOI-- Females and young have a green crown, a gray throat with some red markings, a gray chest and belly, and a dark, rounded tail with white tips on the outer feathers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ashland Coal, Inc. was formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil. The privately held Arch Mineral Corporation merged with Ashland Coal, Inc. in July 1997, creating the present-day company. --EOI-- Arch Coal was formed in July 1997 when the privately held Arch Mineral merged with the publicly traded Ashland Coal, Inc., which had been formed in 1975 as a subsidiary of Ashland Oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gerhard Henrik Armauer Hansen (29 July 1841â "12 February 1912) was a Norwegian physician, remembered for his identification of the bacterium Mycobacterium leprae in 1873 as the causative agent of leprosy. --EOI-- Gerhard Hendrik Armauer Hansen (July 29, 1841- February 12, 1912) was a Norwegian doctor and scientist who was famous for discovering the bacteria that causes leprosy in 1873. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford- in particular because of the COSWORTH name in the vehicle title on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth, but also in the creation of other Ford models; the Escort RS1600, Escort RS1800, RS200, and Scorpio 2.9 i 24V. --EOI-- Cosworth is best known in Europe for its relationship with Ford. Cosworth is in the vehicle name on the high performance Ford Sierra RS Cosworth and Ford Escort RS Cosworth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It slow weakening began on August 2 as it entered cooler waters, and it officially dissipated on August 6, though like many Pacific hurricanes, a remnant circulation could be tracked westward for several days afterward. --EOI-- It slow weakening began on August 2 as it entered cooler waters, and it officially dissipated on August 6, though like many Pacific hurricanes, a remnant circulation could be tracked westward for several days afterward. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Heather is an important food source for various sheep and deer which can graze the tips of the plants when snow covers low-growing vegetation. --EOI-- Heather is an important food source for various sheep and deer which can graze the tips of the plants when snow covers low growing vegetation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- heather honey has a characteristic strong taste, and an unusual texture, for it is thixotropic, being a jelly until stirred, when it becomes a syrup like other honey, but then sets again to a jelly. --EOI-- It has a strong taste, and an unusual texture. It is thixotropic, being a jelly until stirred, when it becomes a syrup (like other honey), but then sets again to a jelly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They had five children together: Virginia Leftwich (Gigi) Graham Tchividjian (b. 1945); Anne Graham Lotz (b. 1948; runs AnGeL ministries); Ruth Graham (b. 1950; founder and president of Ruth Graham& Friends); Franklin Graham (b. 1952; administers an international relief organization called Samaritan's Purse and will be his father's successor at the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association); and Nelson "Ned " Graham (b. 1958; a pastor who runs East Gates International, which distributes Christian literature in China). --EOI-- They had five children together: Virginia (Gigi) Graham Foreman; Anne Graham Lotz; Ruth Dienert; Franklin Graham, and Ned Graham. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1933, when Prohibition in the United States ended, Graham's father forced Graham and his sister Katherine to drink beer until they vomited, which created an aversion, in both of them, to alcohol and drugs. --EOI-- In 1933, Graham's father forced Graham and his sister Catherine to drink beer until they vomited. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In larger amounts and different forms chromium can be toxic and carcinogenic. The most prominent example of toxic chromium is hexavalent chromium (Cr (VI)). --EOI-- But hexavalent chromium is toxic and carcinogenic, and trivalent chromium is mildly toxic in large quantities. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The most prominent example of toxic chromium is hexavalent chromium (Cr (VI)). --EOI-- Another type of chromium (Cr6+ (chromate, hexavalent chromium), in the+6 oxidation state) can cause cancer or make people sick, even though most people do not get exposed to it much. Hexavalent chromium was important in the movie Erin Brockovich. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His orations constitute a significant expression of contemporary Athenian intellectual prowess and provide an insight into the politics and culture of ancient Greece during the 4th century BC. --EOI-- They also give an insight into the politics and culture of ancient Greece during the 4th century BC. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Plants grown in sterile soils and growth media often perform poorly without the addition of spores or hyphae of mycorrhizal fungi to colonise the plant roots and aid in the uptake of soil mineral nutrients. --EOI-- Plants grown in sterile soils and growth media often perform poorly without the addition of spores or hyphae of mycorrhizal fungi to colonise the plant roots and aid in the uptake of soil mineral nutrients. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In return, the plant gains the benefits of the mycelium's higher absorptive capacity for water and mineral nutrients (due to comparatively large surface area of mycelium: root ratio), thus improving the plant's mineral absorption capabilities. --EOI-- In return, the plant gains the use of the mycelium's very large surface area to absorb water and mineral nutrients from the soil, especially phosphorus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also, the cell membrane chemistry of fungi is different from that of plants (including organic acid excretion which aids in ion displacement). --EOI-- Also, the cell membrane of fungi is different from that of plants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The two types are differentiated by the fact that the hyphae of ectomycorrhizal fungi do not penetrate individual cells within the root, while the hyphae of endomycorrhizal fungi penetrate the cell wall and invaginate the cell membrane. --EOI-- The hyphae of ectomycorrhizal fungi do not penetrate individual cells within the root, while the hyphae of endomycorrhizal fungi penetrate the cell wall and invaginate the cell membrane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A mycorrhiza (Gk.,: fungus roots, pl mycorrhizae, mycorrhizas) is a symbiotic (generally mutualistic, but occasionally weakly pathogenic) association between a fungus and the roots of a vascular plant. --EOI-- A mycorrhiza (Greek for fungus roots) is a symbiotic association between a fungus and the roots of a plant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Castella is a popular Japanese sponge cake made of sugar, flour, eggs, and starch syrup, very common at festivals and as a street food. --EOI-- Castella (Kasutera in Japanese) is a sponge cake produced in Japan. It is made of sugar, flour, eggs, and starch syrup, very common at festivals and as a street food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The song was the lead single of the R&B\/ Hip Hop tribute Urban Renewal, in which he co-produced and performed songs. --EOI-- The song was the lead single of the R&B\/ Hip Hop tribute Urban Renewal, in which he co-produced and performed songs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Modern kites use synthetic materials, such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics for the sails, fibreglass or carbon fiber for the spars and dacron or dyneema for the kite lines. --EOI-- Modern kites are made from synthetic materials, such as ripstop nylon or more exotic fabrics on the sails. They have fiberglass or carbon fiber poles, and use dacron or dyneema for the kite lines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Before 1508 he had painted several altar-pieces for the Castle Church at Wittenberg in competition with Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer, Hans Burgkmair and others; the duke and his brother John were portrayed in various attitudes and a number of his best woodcuts and copper-plates were published. --EOI-- Before 1508 he had painted a few altar-pieces for the Castle Church at Wittenberg. Albrecht DÃ 1\/4 rer, Hans Burgkmair and others also worked there. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sled dogs, known also as sleigh man dogs, sledge dogs, or sleddogs, are highly trained types of dogs that are used to pull a dog sled, a wheel-less vehicle on runners also called a sled or sleigh, over snow or ice, by means of harnesses and lines. --EOI-- Sled dogs, known also as sleigh dogs, sledge dogs or sleddogs are types of dogs that are used to pull a wheel-less vehicle on runners (a sled or sleigh) over snow or ice, by means of harnesses and lines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sled dogs pull various sorts of sleds, from the small 25 l sprint-racing sleds, through the larger plastic-bottomed distance racing toboggan sleds, to traditional ash, freighting sleds and the trapper's high-fronted narrow toboggan. --EOI-- Royal Canadian Mounted Police (R.C.M.P.) hitching sled dogs into their harnessSleddogs pull various sorts of sleds, from the small 25 pound (11 kg) sprint-racing sleds, through the larger plastic-bottomed distance racing toboggan sleds, to traditional ash freighting sleds and the trapper's high-fronted narrow toboggan. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It can be installed on storage media with small capacities, like bootable business cards, USB flash drives, various memory cards, and Zip drives. --EOI-- It can be installed on storage media with small capacities, like bootable business cards, USB flash drives, various memory cards, and Zip drives. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Despite efforts to keep the Covenant from finding Earth, a Covenant fleet discovers humanity's homeworld during Halo 2. By the beginning of Halo 3, the Covenant have arrived in full force on Earth, with most human resistance crushed. --EOI-- During Halo 2 the Covenant discovered Earth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mood disorder is the term designating a group of diagnoses in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM IV TR) classification system where a disturbance in the person's mood is hypothesized to be the main underlying feature. The classification is known as mood (affective) disorders in ICD 10. --EOI-- A mood disorder or affective disorder is a type of mental illness where the main problem is the person's mood. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bartholin's glands secrete relatively minute amounts (one or two drops) of fluid when a woman is sexually aroused. --EOI-- Bartholin's glands secrete relatively minute amounts (one or two drops) of fluid when a woman is sexually aroused. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The supermarket chain operates three main store formats; regular Sainsbury's stores (` Main Mission'), Sainsbury's Local and Sainsbury's Central (convenience stores and smaller supermarkets in urban locations-` Mixed Mission') and Sainsbury's` Main Plus' (hypermarket) stores. Unlike Tesco (Tesco Extra) and Asda (Asda Wal-Mart Supercentre), Sainsbury's does not employ a separate brand for its hypermarkets, having phased out the` Savacentre' fascia several years ago. --EOI-- Sainsbury's is the third biggest supermarket in the UK (behind Tesco and Asda). --separator-- --simplificataion-- After a long and difficult fight with myelodysplasia, which included three bone marrow transplants, Sagan died of pneumonia at the age of 62 at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington, on December 20, 1996. --EOI-- After a long and difficult fight with myelodysplasia, Sagan died at the age of 62, on December 20, 1996, at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle, Washington. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because of its large size, Grace generated large swells along the East Coast of the United States; combined with abnormally high tides, these waves reached at least 15 f. Despite minor beach erosion, no substantial property damage occurred, although Carolina Beach, North Carolina, lost about 1 f of sand. --EOI-- Despite minor beach erosion, no bad property damage occurred. However, Carolina Beach, North Carolina lost about 1 f of sand. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The soundtrack to the series was released on CD on November 8, 2005 by VarÃ se Sarabande, although a 40 minute soundtrack was released by Fox Music in September 2005 as a digital EP. --EOI-- The soundtrack to the series was released on CD on November 8, 2005 by VarÃ se Sarabande. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Comics, especially the crime\/horror titles pioneered by EC Comics, were not lacking in gruesome images; Wertham reproduced these extensively, pointing out what he saw as recurring morbid themes such as "injury to the eye " (as depicted in Plastic Man creator Jack Cole's "Murder, Morphine and Me ", which he illustrated and probably wrote for publisher Magazine Village's True Crime Comics Vol. --EOI-- He pointed out themes about death such as "injury to the eye " that he thought were common. One example Jack Cole's "Murder, Morphine and Me " in Magazine Village's True Crime Comics Vol. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Anal sex (or anal intercourse) commonly refers to the sex act involving insertion of the penis into the anus of a sexual partner. --EOI-- Anal sex is a sex act performed on the anus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Several steps in the gene expression process may be modulated, including the transcription, RNA splicing, translation, and post-translational modification of a protein. --EOI-- Several steps in the gene expression process may be modulated (tuned). This includes both the transcription and translation stages, and the final folded state of a protein. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the 20th century, DuPont developed many polymers such as Vespel, neoprene, nylon, Corian, Teflon, Mylar, Kevlar, Zemdrain, M5 fiber, Nomex, Tyvek, Sorona and Lycra. --EOI-- In the 20th century, DuPont developed many polymers such as Vespel, neoprene, nylon, Corian, Teflon, Mylar, Kevlar, Zemdrain, M5 fiber, Nomex, Tyvek, Sorona and Lycra. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The slender loris has small finger nails on its digits. --EOI-- The slender loris is about the size of a squirrel, and has small finger nails. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Vespucci expedition also named the Potengi (Tupi-Guarani for "River of Shrimps ") river, whose considerably large mouth contrasted with the nearby bodies of water, "Rio Grande " (Portuguese for "Great River "), after which the Captaincy, Province, and State were named. --EOI-- The Vespucci expedition also named the Potengi river, "Rio Grande ". The name is Portuguese for "Great River ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is obtained by neutralizing chloric acid with either ammonia or ammonium carbonate, or by precipitating barium, strontium or calcium chlorates with ammonium carbonate or ammonium sulfate, producing the respective carbonate or sulfate precipitate and an ammonium chlorate solution. Ammonium chlorate crystallizes in small needles, readily soluble in water. --EOI-- Ammonium chlorate is a chemical compound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is obtained by neutralizing chloric acid with either ammonia or ammonium carbonate, or by precipitating barium, strontium or calcium chlorates with ammonium carbonate or ammonium sulfate, producing the respective carbonate or sulfate precipitate and an ammonium chlorate solution. --EOI-- It can be made by reacting ammonia or ammonium carbonate with chloric acid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because the climate in the basaltic areas is too cold for really reliable cropping (Nimmitabel has had frosts in January), the main industry is raising sheep and beef cattle. --EOI-- Because the climate in the basaltic areas is too cold for crops, the main industry is raising sheep and beef cattle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cave-dwelling predators capture crustaceans under 1 m long by entangling them with fine threads, digest them by enveloping them with further threads over the course of a few days, and then return to their normal shape; there is no evidence that they use venom. --EOI-- The cave-dwelling predators capture crustaceans under 1 m long by entangling them with fine threads, digest them by enveloping them with further threads over the course of a few days, and then return to their normal shape; there is no evidence that they use venom. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A few species that live in waters where the supply of food particles is very poor prey on crustaceans and other small animals. --EOI-- They prey on small crustaceans and other small animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine, along with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider, for the discovery of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres. --EOI-- He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2009 for his discoveries of how chromosomes are protected by telomeres which he shared with Elizabeth Blackburn and Carol W. Greider. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In table 1 the estimated world polyester production is shown. Main applications are textile polyester, bottle polyester resin, film polyester mainly for packaging and specialty polyesters for engineering plastics. --EOI-- The most popular use of polyester, is polyester suits. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cuttlefish have an internal shell (the cuttlebone), large W-shaped pupils, and eight arms and two tentacles furnished with denticulated suckers, with which they secure their prey. --EOI-- Cuttlefish have an internal shell (called cuttlebone), large eyes, and eight arms and two tentacles furnished with denticulated, or finely toothed, suckers, with which they secure their prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The blood of a cuttlefish is an unusual shade of green-blue because it uses the copper-containing protein hemocyanin to carry oxygen instead of the red iron-containing protein hemoglobin that is found in vertebrates' blood. --EOI-- The blood of a cuttlefish is an unusual shade of green-blue because it uses the copper-containing protein hemocyanin to carry oxygen instead of the red iron-containing protein hemoglobin that is found in mammals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1857, a party of Chinese miners en route to the Central Victorian gold fields struck gold at the Canton Lead which marked the beginning of great growth in Ararat. --EOI-- In April 1857, a group of 700 Chinese miners on their way to the Clunes, Victoria gold fields in central Victoria, found gold at the current site of Ararat. This was called the Canton Lead. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In cartilagenous and ray-finned fish the spleen is normally a somewhat elongated organ, consisting primarily of red pulp, with only a small amount of white pulp. --EOI-- The spleen also has two other functions, the red and white pulp. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bede (pronounced "Bead "\/;; 672\/ 673â "26 May 735), also referred to as Saint Bede or the Venerable Bede, was a monk at the Northumbrian monastery of Saint Peter at Monkwearmouth, today part of Sunderland, England, and of its companion monastery, Saint Paul's, in modern Jarrow (see Wearmouth-Jarrow), both in the Kingdom of Northumbria. --EOI-- Bede (also Saint Bede, the Venerable Bede, or (from Latin) Beda), (ca. 672 or 673â "May 27, 735), was a monk at the Northumbrian monastery of Saint Peter at Wearmouth, today part of Sunderland, and of its companion monastery, Saint Paul's, in modern Jarrow (see Wearmouth-Jarrow), both in the English county of Durham (now Tyne and Wear). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Defects in this gene results in hemophilia A, a well known recessive X-linked coagulation disorder. --EOI-- If there is something wrong with this gene, you get hemophilia A, which is a recessive disorder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The College provides examinations in organ-playing, choral directing and organ-teaching; it runs an extensive education and outreach program across the UK; and it maintains an internationally important library containing more than 60,000 titles concerning the organ, organ and choral music and organ playing. --EOI-- There is a large library with more than 60,000 books about organ playing and organ music. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Today scurvy is known to be caused by a nutritional deficiency, but until the isolation of vitamin C and its direct link to scurvy in 1932, numerous theories and treatments were proposed, often on little or no experimental data. This inconsistency is attributed to the lack of vitamin C as a distinct concept, the varying vitamin C content of different foods (notably present in fresh citrus, watercress, and organ meat), and how vitamin C can be destroyed by exposure to air and copper. --EOI-- Eating vitamin C prevents scurvy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rita Levi-Montalcini (born 22 April 1909), Knight Grand Cross is an Italian neurologist who, together with colleague Stanley Cohen, received the 1986 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their discovery of Nerve growth factor (NGF). --EOI-- She won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1986 for her discovery of nerve growth factor (NGF). She shared the Nobel prize with Stanley Cohen with whom she made the discovery. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Copper (II) carbonate (often called copper carbonate or cupric carbonate) is a blue-green compound (chemical formula CuCO3) forming part of the verdigris patina that is found on weathered brass, bronze, and copper. The color can vary from bright blue to green, because there may be a mixture of both copper carbonate and basic copper carbonate in various stages of hydration. --EOI-- Copper (II) carbonate is a blue-green solid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Copper carbonate is prepared by combining aqueous solutions of copper sulfate and sodium carbonate. Copper basic carbonate precipitates from the solution: --EOI-- Copper (II) carbonate, also known as cupric carbonate, is a chemical compound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In biology, and specifically genetics, epigenetics is the study of heritable changes in phenotype (appearance) or gene expression caused by mechanisms other than changes in the underlying DNA sequence, hence the name epi- (Greek:ÎÏÎ- over, above)- genetics. --EOI-- In biology, the term epigenetics refers to changes in phenotype (appearance) or gene expression caused by mechanisms other than changes in the DNA sequence. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In other words, a single fertilized egg cell-- the zygote-- changes into the many cell types including neurons, muscle cells, epithelium, blood vessels etc. as it continues to divide. --EOI-- In other words, a single fertilized egg cellâ "the zygoteâ "changes into the many cell types including neurons, muscle cells, epithelium, blood vessels etc. as it continues to divide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During morphogenesis, totipotent stem cells become the various pluripotent cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells. --EOI-- During morphogenesis, generalised stem cells become the cell lines of the embryo which in turn become fully differentiated cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term anoxia means a total decrease in the level of oxygen, an extreme form of hypoxia or "low oxygen ". --EOI-- A related term is hypoxia, which means low oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lyme disease, or Lyme borreliosis, is an emerging infectious disease caused by at least three species of bacteria belonging to the genus Borrelia. --EOI-- Lyme disease or borreliosis, is an infectious disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are also signs of carbon dioxide eruptions from the southern polar ice cap of Mars. --EOI-- Carbon dioxide eruptions from the southern polar ice cap of Mars have also been seen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This mixture is stirred slowly while cooling to prevent large ice crystals from forming; the result is a smoothly textured ice cream. --EOI-- This mixture is quickly frozen while it is stirred, so that large ice crystals do not form. Some ice cream is made with seaweed so that it is not sticky. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ice cream is a frozen dessert usually made from dairy products, such as milk and cream, and often combined with fruits or other ingredients and flavors. Most varieties contain sugar, although some are made with other sweeteners. --EOI-- Ice cream is a frozen dessert made from cream, with added flavors and sweeteners. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Note: Sonja Ball, Oliver Grainger and Holly Gauthier-Frankel previously worked together on two other animated series; Arthur and Mona the Vampire. --EOI-- Note: Sonja Ball, Oliver Grainger and Holly Gauthier-Frankel previously worked together on two other animated series; Arthur and Mona the Vampire. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If any man were to be found seducing any of the latter sex, and carried her to sea, disguised, he was to suffer death; (so that when any fell into their hands, as it chanced in the Onslow, they put a sentinel immediately over her to prevent ill consequences from so dangerous an instrument of division and quarrel; but then here lies the roguery; they contend who shall be sentinel, which happens generally to one of the greatest bullies, who, to secure the lady's virtue, will let none lie with her but himself.) --EOI-- If any man were to be found seducing any of the latter sex, and carried her to sea, disguised, he was to suffer death; (so that when any fell into their hands, as it chanced in the Onslow, they put a sentinel immediately over her to prevent ill consequences from so dangerous an instrument of division and quarrel; but then here lies the roguery; they contend who shall be sentinel, which happens generally to one of the greatest bullies, who, to secure the lady's virtue, will let none lie with her but himself.) --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aqueous solutions of caesium formate (HCOO-Cs+)â " made by reacting caesium hydroxide with formic acidâ " were developed in the mid-1990s for use as oil well drilling and completion fluids. The function of caesium formate as a drilling fluid is to lubricate drill bits, to bring rock cuttings to the surface, and to maintain pressure on the formation during drilling of the well; as completion fluid (which refers to the emplacement of control hardware after drilling but prior to production) is to maintain the pressure. --EOI-- Caesium formate is used in oil drilling because of its high density. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because of the significant advantages of alternating current over direct current in transforming and transmission, electric power distribution is nearly all alternating current today. --EOI-- Because of the advantage of alternating current over direct current in transforming and transmission, electric power distribution today is nearly all alternating current. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Prior to its development, several oil and gas companies removed unneeded workers from offshore oil platforms in the northern Gulf of Mexico; Shell Oil Company evacuated about 700 employees, while Noble Energy removed its workforce of about 300 people from two oil rigs. --EOI-- Before of the depression's development, several oil and gas companies removed unneeded workers from offshore oil platforms in the northern Gulf of Mexico; the Shell Oil Company evacuated about 700 employees, while Noble Energy removed its workforce of about 300 people from two oil rigs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bubonic plague was often used synonymously for plague, but it does in fact refer specifically to an infection that enters through the skin and travels through the lymphatics, as is often seen in flea-borne infections. --EOI-- Bubonic plague is the best-known form of the disease plague, which is caused by the bacterium Yersinia pestis. The name bubonic plague is specific for this form of the disease, which enters through the skin, and travels through the lymphatic system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the mid-twenties, Anfield was the finishing line for the city marathon. Liverpool also held an annual race which started from St George's plateau in the city center and finished with a lap of Anfield. --EOI-- Anfield is famous for the sign that is in the players' tunnel, which reads: "This is Anfield ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- At the subsequent autopsy, eight milligram percent of Chloral hydrate and 4.5 milligram percent of Nembutal were found in her system, and Dr. Thomas Noguchi of the Los Angeles County Coroners office recorded cause of death as "acute barbiturate poisoning ", resulting from a "probable suicide ". --EOI-- At the autopsy, eight milligram percent of Chloral Hydrate and 4.5 milligram percent of Nembutal were found in her system. Dr. Thomas Noguchi of the Los Angeles County Coroners office stated the cause of death as "acute barbiturate poisoning, " resulting from a "probable suicide ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the early 1950s, Monroe and Gregg Palmer both unsuccessfully auditioned for roles as Daisy Mae and Abner in a proposed Li' l Abner television series based on the Al Capp comic strip, but the effort never materialized. --EOI-- In the early 1950s, Monroe and Gregg Palmer both unsuccessfully auditioned for roles as Daisy Mae and Abner in a proposed Li' l Abner television series based on the Al Capp comic strip, but the show was never made. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The studio 20th Century Fox filed a lawsuit against her for half a million dollars, and the studio's vice president, Peter Levathes, issued a statement saying "The star system has gotten way out of hand. --EOI-- The studio 20th Century Fox filed a lawsuit against her for half a million dollars,. The studio's vice president, Peter Levathes, issued a statement saying "The star system has gotten way out of hand. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Making the film had proved to be an arduous experience for the actors; in addition to Monroe's distress, Montgomery Clift had frequently been unable to perform due to illness, and by the final day of shooting, Thelma Ritter was in hospital suffering from exhaustion. --EOI-- In addition to Monroe's problems, Montgomery Clift was often unable to perform due to illness. By the final day of shooting, Thelma Ritter was in hospital because of exhaustion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- She saw a possibility in 20th Century Fox's upcoming film, The Egyptian, but was rebuffed by Darryl F. Zanuck who refused to screen test her. --EOI-- She saw a possibility in 20th Century Fox's upcoming film, The Egyptian, but was stopped by Darryl F. Zanuck who refused to screen test her. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Monroe was frequently ill and unable to perform, and away from the influence of Dr. Greenson, she had resumed her consumption of sleeping pills and alcohol. --EOI-- Monroe was often ill and unable to perform. Without Dr. Greenson's help there, she had resumed her use of sleeping pills and alcohol. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On one occasion she refused to perform with Martin as he had a cold, and the producer Henry Weinstein recalled seeing her on several occasions being physically ill as she prepared to film her scenes, and attributed it to her dread of performing. --EOI-- On one occasion she refused to perform with Martin as he had a cold. Producer Henry Weinstein recalled seeing her on several occasions being physically ill as she prepared to film her scenes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although he released an album (David Bowie) and several singles earlier, Bowie first caught the eye and ear of the public in July 1969, when the song "Space Oddity " reached the top five of the UK Singles Chart. After a three-year period of experimentation he re-emerged in 1972 during the glam rock era with the flamboyant, androgynous alter ego Ziggy Stardust, spearheaded by the hit single "Starman " and the album The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars. --EOI-- Ziggy Stardust became David Bowie's second personality (alter ego). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Metastatic breast cancer is a complex multi-step process involving the expansion of cancerous cells from the breast to other areas of the body. It is a serious complication of breast cancer, as metastatic disease in breast cancer is often fatal, with treatments mainly limited to palliation. --EOI-- Metastatic breast cancer is Breast cancer that has spread beyond the primary tumor. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Brain damage " or "brain injury " (BI) is the destruction or degeneration of brain cells. --EOI-- Brain damage is damage to the brain from either illnesses or injuries. Brain cells are damaged, which often affects one's brain in a way that stops the brain from thinking or reacting the same way as it did before the brain was damaged. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After 6 to 12 hours, severe hyperkalemia, also the result of muscle breakdown, can lead to cardiac arrest. --EOI-- After six to twelve hours, severe hyperkalemia can lead to cardiac arrest. The hyperkalemia is also the result of muscle breakdown. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mammals have the advantage of being able to pass salt in solution, mostly in the urine, but kidney function in birds and reptiles is too weak to remove salt in sufficient amounts. --EOI-- Mammals have the advantage of being able to pass salt in solution, mostly in the urine, but kidney function in birds and reptiles is too weak to remove enough salt. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Early symptoms include headache, a thick-feeling tongue, thirst, sweating, and vomiting. --EOI-- Early symptoms include headache, a thick-feeling tongue, thirst, sweating, and vomiting. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Passive stretching of the muscles is also painful, and trismus, which is similar to tetanus, is common. --EOI-- Passive stretching of the muscles is also painful, and trismus, which is similar to tetanus, is common. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The most important symptoms are rhabdomyolysis (rapid breakdown of skeletal muscle tissue) and paralysis. --EOI-- The most important symptoms are rhabdomyolysis (rapid breakdown of skeletal muscle tissue) and paralysis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptoms that can occur after 30 minutes to several hours post-bite include generalized aching, stiffness, and tenderness of muscles all over the body. --EOI-- Symptoms that can occur after 30 minutes to several hours after the bite include generalized aching, stiffness, and tenderness of muscles all over the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After 3â "8 hours, myoglobin as a result of muscle breakdown may start to show up in the blood plasma, which can cause the urine to turn a dark reddish, brown, or black color, and eventually lead to acute renal failure. --EOI-- This is a result of muscle breakdown. It can cause the urine to turn a dark reddish, brown, or black in color, and eventually lead to kidney failure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The proboscis, or trunk, is a fusion of the nose and upper lip, elongated and specialized to become the elephant's most important and versatile appendage. --EOI-- An elephant's most obvious part is the trunk. The trunk is a very long nose, made from the upper lip. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While codeine can be directly extracted from opium, its original source, most codeine is synthesized from morphine through the process of O-methylation. --EOI-- Codeine can be extracted from opium. Today, most codeine is synthesized from morphine through the process of O-methylation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Codeine is marketed as both a single-ingredient drug and in combination preparations with the analgesic acetaminophen (paracetamol), as co-codamol, paracod, panadeine, or the Tylenol With Codeine series (e.g., Tylenol 3 and 4 tablets and elixir); with the analgesic acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin), as co-codaprin; or with the NSAID (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug) ibuprofen, as Nurofen Plus. --EOI-- Codeine is often marketed as drugs in combination with paracetamol (acetaminophen) as co-codamol (best known in North America as Tylenol 3). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Codeine hydrochloride is more commonly marketed in continental Europe and other regions, and codeine hydroiodide and codeine citrate round out the top five most-used codeine salts worldwide. Codeine is usually present in raw opium as free alkaloid in addition to codeine meconate, codeine pectinate, and possibly other naturally occurring codeine salts. --EOI-- Codeine can be extracted from opium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In July 1991, after deciding to take a few years' sabbatical from Pee-wee, Reubens was arrested for indecent exposure in an adult theater in Sarasota, Florida. The arrest set off a chain reaction of national media attention that changed the general public's view of Reubens and Pee-wee. --EOI-- In 1991, Reubens was arrested for misbehaving in an adult movie theater; this ended the Pee-Wee craze and forced Reubens to stop playing the character. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In archaeology, a biface is a two-sided stone tool and is used as a multi purposes knife, manufactured through a process of lithic reduction, that displays flake scars on both sides. --EOI-- In archaeology, a biface is a two-sided stone tool, made by chipping off flakes with another tool. It shows flake scars on both sides. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was awarded the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Leland H. Hartwell and R. Timothy Hunt for their discoveries regarding cell cycle regulation by cyclin and cyclin dependent kinases. --EOI-- He was awarded the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, with Leland Hartwell and Timothy Hunt, for their discoveries about cell division. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Alprazolam (trade name Xanax, among others) is a potent short-acting drug of the benzodiazepine class. --EOI-- Alprazolam probably better known by it's trade name, Xanax is a short-acting drug. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Only the style and stigma project above the sepals, petals, and stamens, which appear to attach to the top of the ovary. This sort of ovary is called an inferior ovary, and the flower is said to be epigynous. --EOI-- In those flowers in which the floral tube is fused with the ovary, the sepals, petals, and stamens appear to grow out from the top of the ovary, and the flower is said to be epigynous and have an inferior ovary. --separator-- --simplificataion-- All three were found floating in the bay with their hands and feet bound, concrete blocks tied to their necks and duct tape over their mouths. Autopsies indicated the women had been thrown into the water one by one while still alive. --EOI-- The women had been bound and gagged and then tossed into the bay with concrete blocks tied to their necks while still alive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The women's bodies were found floating in Tampa Bay on June 4, 1989, with bound hands and feet, concrete blocks tied to their necks and duct tape over their mouths. --EOI-- The women's bodies were discovered floating in the Tampa Bay on June 4, 1989 with bound hands and feet with concrete blocks tied to their necks and duct tape over their mouths. --separator-- --simplificataion-- OTC drugs are usually also required to have little or no abuse potential, although in some areas drugs such as codeine are available OTC (usually in strictly limited formulations or requiring paperwork or identification to be submitted during purchase). One of the oldest OTC drugs is aspirin. --EOI-- Over-the-counter drugs (OTC) are drugs that do not need a prescription to be bought. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In contrast, prescription drugs are almost always passed over a counter from the pharmacist to the customer. --EOI-- Certain drugs are classified as over-the counter drugs, but may only be given by a pharmacist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Over time, often 3â "5 years, drugs that prove themselves safe and appropriate as prescription medicines may be switched from prescription to OTC. An example of this is diphenhydramine (Benadryl), which once required a prescription but now is available OTC nearly everywhere. --EOI-- Many OTC drug ingredients which were prescription drugs are now considered safe enough for use without a prescription. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the minority of patients who experience acute phase symptoms, they are generally mild and nonspecific, and rarely lead to a specific diagnosis of hepatitis C. Symptoms of acute hepatitis C infection include decreased appetite, fatigue, abdominal pain, jaundice, itching, and flu-like symptoms. --EOI-- Symptoms of acute hepatitis C infection include a decreased appetite, fatigue (tiredness), abdominal pain, jaundice (skin becoming yellow), itching, and flu-like symptoms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hepatitis C is an infectious disease affecting the liver, caused by the hepatitis C virus (HCV). --EOI-- Hepatitis C is a disease caused by a virus in a human blood called the Hepatitis C virus. HCV or "Hep C " are shorter names for this disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Current guidelines strongly recommend that hepatitis C patients be vaccinated for hepatitis A and B if they have not yet been exposed to these viruses, as infection with a second virus could worsen their liver disease. --EOI-- When a person gets a Hepatitis C infection, they can get damage to their liver called hepatitis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In some cases, those with cirrhosis will go on to develop liver failure or other complications of cirrhosis, including liver cancer or life threatening esophageal varices and gastric varices. --EOI-- This damage can lead to a liver problem called cirrhosis or liver cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An estimated 270-300 million people worldwide are infected with hepatitis C. Hepatitis C is not known to cause disease in other animals. No vaccine against hepatitis C is currently available. --EOI-- about 150-200 million people in the world are infected with hepatitis C. Hepatitis C is the leading cause of liver transplants in the United States. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Besides treating the water and electrolyte abnormalities, octreotide (a somatostatin analog) can be used to temper symptoms. --EOI-- Octreotide (a somatostatin analog) can be used to help symptoms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A VIPoma (also known as Verner Morrison syndrome, after the physicians who first described it) is a rare (1 per 10,000,000 per year) endocrine tumor, usually (about 90%) originating in the pancreas, that produces vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP). --EOI-- A VIPoma (Pronounced "V I P oma ") (also called Verner Morrison syndrome after the doctors who first noticed it), is a tumor that does not happen a lot (1 per 10,000,000 per year) in the pancreas. VIPoma makes something called vasoactive intestinal peptide, or VIP. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nucleosomes form the fundamental repeating units of eukaryotic chromatin, which is used to pack the large eukaryotic genomes into the nucleus while still ensuring appropriate access to it (in mammalian cells approximately 2 m of linear DNA have to be packed into a nucleus of roughly 10Â m diameter). --EOI-- In mammalian cells about two metres of linear DNA have to be packed into a nucleus of roughly 10Â m diameter. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nucleosomes are folded through a series of successively higher order structures to eventually form a chromosome; this both compacts DNA and creates an added layer of regulatory control which ensures correct gene expression. --EOI-- Nucleosomes are folded, in a series of higher order structures, to form a chromosome. This folding compacts the DNA and adds a layer of regulatory control. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A funnel cloud is a funnel-shaped cloud of condensed water droplets, associated with a rotating column of wind and extending from the base of a cloud (usually a cumulonimbus or towering cumulus cloud) but not reaching the ground or a water surface. --EOI-- A funnel cloud is a funnel-shaped cloud of condense water droplets. They usually appear with a rotating column of air. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Compositions include 5 pieces by Percy Grainger, Sergei Rachmaninoff's Romance and Valse, Alfred Schnittke's Hommage, Carl Czerny's op.17 and 741, Jean Cras's "Ã mes dâ enfants ", Paul Robinson (composer)'s "Pensees " and "Monmartre ", various pieces by German composer Armin Fuchs, Bulgarian composer Tomislav Baynov's "Metrorhythmia 1 ", John Pitts's "Are You Going? " --EOI-- Compositions include 5 pieces by Percy Grainger, Sergei Rachmaninoff's Romance and Valse, Alfred Schnittke's Hommage, Carl Czerny's op.17 and 741, Jean Cras's "Ã mes dâ enfants ", Paul Robinson (composer)'s "Pensees " and "Monmartre ", various pieces by German composer Armin Fuchs, Bulgarian composer Tomislav Baynov's "Metrorhythmia 1 ", John Pitts's "Are You Going? " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Natural capital is described in the book Natural Capitalism as a metaphor for the mineral, plant, and animal formations of the Earth's biosphere when viewed as a means of production of oxygen, water filter, erosion preventer, or provider of other ecosystem services. --EOI-- Natural capital is a metaphor for the mineral, plant, and animal formations of the Earth's biosphere when viewed as a means of production of oxygen, water filter, erosion preventer, or provider of other ecosystem services. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With studies of dispersions in air, the term aerosol evolved and now embraces both liquid droplets, solid particles, and combinations of these. --EOI-- With studies of dispersions in air, the term aerosol evolved and now embraces both liquid droplets, solid particles, and combinations of these. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To differentiate suspensions from true solutions, the term sol evolvedâ " originally meant to cover dispersions of tiny (sub-microscopic) particles in a liquid. --EOI-- To differentiate suspensions from true solutions, the term sol evolvedâ " originally meant to cover dispersions of tiny (sub-microscopic) particles in a liquid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Technically, an aerosol is a suspension of fine solid particles or liquid droplets in a gas. --EOI-- Aerosol is a suspension of fine solid particles or liquid droplets in a gas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Earwigs tend to gather in shady cracks or openings or anywhere that they can remain concealed during daylight. Some people erroneously believe that earwigs burrow into people's ears; that is mostly a myth, although earwigs may crawl into ears and some can bite, as other insects do (see above). --EOI-- All earwigs are insects. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1985, the Ben& Jerryâ s Foundation was established at the end of the year with a gift from Ben& Jerry's to fund community-oriented projects; it was then provided with 7.5% of the companyâ s annual pre-tax profits. In 1986, Ben& Jerryâ s launched itsâ Cowmobileâ, a modified mobile home used to distribute free scoops of Ben& Jerryâ s ice cream in a unique, cross-countryâ marketing driveââ " driven and served by Ben and Jerry themselves. --EOI--  "Ben& Jerryâ s " Ben& Jerryâ s. Ben& Jerryâ s.. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1980, Ben and Jerry rented space in an old spool and bobbin mill on South Champlain Street in Burlington and began packing their ice cream in pints. --EOI-- In 1980, Ben and Jerry got space in a building in South Champlain Street in Burlington and started packing their ice cream in pint containers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The outside of the foreskin is a continuation of the skin on the shaft of the penis, but the inner foreskin is a mucous membrane like the inside of the eyelid or the mouth. --EOI-- The outside of the foreskin is like normal skin but the inside of the foreskin is a membrane like the inside of an eyelid or mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In male human anatomy, the foreskin is a generally retractable double-layered fold of skin and mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and protects the urinary meatus when the penis is not erect. --EOI-- The foreskin is a fold of skin that covers the glans penis. The foreskin protects the glans penis when the penis is not erect. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Infection with P. vivax, P. ovale or P. malariae is usually treated on an outpatient basis. Treatment of P. vivax requires both treatment of blood stages (with chloroquine or ACT) as well as clearance of liver forms with primaquine. --EOI-- Another medicine must be given with chloroquine for P. vivax and P. ovale. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The atlas is the topmost vertebra, and-- along with the Axis-- forms the joint connecting the skull and spine. --EOI-- The atlas connects to a vertebra called the Axis. Together they form the joint connecting the skull to the rest of the spine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The irregular bones are: the vertebrÃ, sacrum, coccyx, temporal, sphenoid, ethmoid, zygomatic, maxilla, mandible, palatine, inferior nasal concha, and hyoid. --EOI-- The irregular bones are: the vertebrÃ, sacrum, coccyx, temporal, sphenoid, ethmoid, zygomatic, maxilla, mandible, palatine, inferior nasal concha, and hyoid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Irregular bones serve various purposes in the body, such as protection of nervous tissue (such as the vertebrae protect the spinal cord), affording multiple anchor points for skeletal muscle attachment (as with the sacrum), and maintaining pharynx and trachea support, and tongue attachment (such as the hyoid bone). --EOI-- (2) affording multiple anchor points for skeletal muscle attachment (as with the sacrum), and maintaining pharynx and trachea support, and tongue attachment (such as the hyoid bone). --separator-- --simplificataion-- This risk of devastation had been known for some time; previous studies by FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers had warned that a direct hurricane strike on New Orleans could lead to massive flooding, which would lead to thousands of drowning deaths, as well as many more suffering from disease and dehydration, as the flood waters slowly receded from the city. --EOI-- This risk of devastation had been known for some time; previous studies by FEMA and the Army Corps of Engineers had warned that a direct hurricane strike on New Orleans could lead to massive flooding, which would lead to thousands of drowning deaths, as well as many more suffering from disease and dehydration, as the flood waters slowly retreated from the city. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Furthermore, several other bones that were on the lower jaw (found in reptiles), moved into the ears, allowing the theriodonts to hear better and their mouths to open wider. --EOI-- Several other bones that were previously on the lower jaw, moved into the ears, allowing the theriodonts to hear better and their mouths to open wider. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other vitamin concentrations are low, but apple juice does contain various mineral nutrients, including boron, which may promote healthy bones. --EOI-- Also, in apple juice, the vitamin C, and other vitamins are contained inside, as well as mineral nutrients such as boron which helps build strong bones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The compound eye of the fruit fly contains 760 unit eyes or ommatidia, and are one of the most advanced among insects. --EOI-- The compound eye of the fruit fly contains 760 units or ommatidia, and are one of the most advanced among insects. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This temporarily raised the cardiovascular risk in these individuals to a level comparable to that of an individual with established coronary artery disease. --EOI-- This temporarily raised the cardiovascular risk in these individuals to a level comparable to that of an individual with established coronary artery disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Red Bull sugar-free also contains aspartame, acesulfame K, and sucralose in place of sucrose and glucose. --EOI-- Red Bull sugar-free also contains phenylalanine in place of sucrose and glucose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was believed, but had not been proven, that she suffered from a rare heart condition called long QT Syndrome. --EOI-- It was believed, but had not been proven, that she suffered from a rare heart condition called long QT Syndrome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Red Bull contains taurine, glucuronolactone, caffeine, B vitamins, sucrose, and glucose. --EOI-- Red Bull contains taurine, glucuronolactone, caffeine, B vitamins, sucrose and glucose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Iron (III) chloride undergoes hydrolysis to give an acidic solution. When heated with iron (III) oxide at 350Â C, iron (III) chloride gives iron oxychloride, a layered solid and intercalation host. --EOI-- Iron (III) chloride is a yellow solid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He fought bravely on board a vessel, and received three gunshot woundsâ "two in the chest, and one which rendered his left arm useless. --EOI-- He fought bravely on board a vessel, and received three gunshot woundsâ "two in the chest, and one which rendered his left arm useless. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Granzymes are serine proteases that are released by cytoplasmic granules within cytotoxic T cells and natural killer cells. --EOI-- Granzymes are enzymes contained within cytotoxic T cells and natural killer cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a colorless solid used as an ingredient in toothpastes that are typically more expensive than those that use sodium fluoride. --EOI-- It is commonly used in toothpastes as a source of fluoride ions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The fifth contest was the featured preliminary match from the SmackDown brand, which saw Finlay versus Rey Mysterio. Both men performed many offensive maneuvers through the match, but Mysterio gained the advantage when he kicked Finlay as he hung from the ropes, followed by jumping and landing his leg across Finlay's face, a move called a leg drop, sending Finlay to ringside area and striking his head. --EOI-- was represented in the next match as Rey Mysterio took on Finlay. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The match saw both men perform a variety of wrestling maneuvers, including a DDT from Triple H onto Umaga, and a Fireman's carry drop from Umaga onto Triple H. Umaga attacked Triple H's ribs throughout the match, but Triple H gained an advantage when Umaga missed a hip attack. Umaga attempted to jump belly first on Triple H, but Triple H moved and Umaga was sent into the ring post. --EOI-- Triple H won the match and kept the championship after hitting Umaga with a pedigree. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lung cancer is a disease which consists of uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung. --EOI-- There are 2 main types of Lung cancer, small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Asbestos can cause a variety of lung diseases, including lung cancer. --EOI-- Lung cancer is the malignant change and growth of lung tissue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cancer found outside of the lung may be determined to have arisen within the lung, as lung cancers that metastasize, i.e. spread, often retain a cell marker profile that allow a pathologist to say, with a good deal of certainty, that the tumor arose from the lung, i.e. is a primary lung cancer. --EOI-- However, there are certain types of lung cancers that appear in otherwise healthy patients who have never smoked. There are 2 main types of Lung cancer, small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Secondary cancers are classified by the site of origin; e.g., breast cancer that has spread to the lung is called breast cancer. --EOI-- Currently, lung cancer is the leading causing of cancer death in women, killing more women than breast cancer, ovarian cancer and uterine cancers together. The large majority of people who get lung cancer have smoked for many years. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many sperm whales carry scars on their backs believed to be caused by the hooks of Colossal Squid. Colossal Squid are a major prey item for Antarctic sperm whales feeding in the Southern Ocean; 14% of the squid beaks found in the stomachs of these sperm whales are those of the Colossal Squid, which indicates that Colossal Squid make up 77% of the biomass consumed by these whales. --EOI-- The Colossal Squid is bigger than a giant squid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He gained prominence in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC sitcom Soap and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and 1990s, appearing in the critical and box office successes When Harry Met Sally... and City Slickers. --EOI-- He became famous in the 1970s for playing Jodie Dallas on the ABC dramedy, Soap, and became a Hollywood film star during the late 1980s and the 1990s, appearing in the box office successes When Harry Met Sally... and City Slickers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Maroon 5 is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California. While they were in high school, lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Adam Levine, keyboardist Jesse Carmichael, bass guitarist Mickey Madden, and drummer Ryan Dusick formed a garage band called Kara's Flowers and released one album in 1997. --EOI-- In 1996 the known today as Maroon 5 was a Las Angeles, California grunge band made up of singer Adam Levine, guitarist Jesse Carmichael, percussionist Ryan Dusick, and bassist Michael "Micky " Madden, in which who are all in the band today except for Dusick. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After a brief period they reformed with guitarist James Valentine, and pursued a new direction as Maroon 5. The following year they released their debut album Songs About Jane, which contained four hit singles: "Harder to Breathe ", "This Love ", "She Will Be Loved " and "Sunday Morning "; it also enjoyed major chart success, going gold, platinum, and triple platinum in many countries around the world. --EOI-- The band's debut album, released on 2003, as Maroon 5, was titled Songs About Jane and released the hit singles "Harder to Breathe ", "This Love ", and "She Will Be Loved ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cystitis is a term that refers to urinary bladder inflammation that results from any one of a number of distinct syndromes. It is most commonly caused by a bacterial infection in which case it is referred to as a urinary tract infection. --EOI-- Cystitis is the infection of the urinary bladder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An antidepressant is a psychiatric medication used to alleviate mood disorders, such as major depression and dysthymia and anxiety disorders such as social anxiety disorder. --EOI-- An antidepressant is a type of medication that is used to treat people with mood disorders including depression. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Drugs including the monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs), tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), tetracyclic antidepressants (TeCAs), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) are most commonly associated with the term. --EOI-- There are different types of antidepressant, called monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs), tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), tetracyclic antidepressants (TeCAs), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs). --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the other hand, any doubling of the percentage of carbon dioxide in the air would raise the temperature of the earth's surface by 4Â; and if the carbon dioxide were increased fourfold, the temperature would rise by 8Â. " --EOI-- On the other hand, any doubling of the percentage of carbon dioxide in the air would raise the temperature of the earth's surface by 4Â; and if the carbon dioxide were increased fourfold, the temperature would rise by 8Â ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Canadian Navy ships en route to the U.S. Gulf Coast, carrying relief supplies to assist in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, were slowed while trying to avoid Hurricanes Nate and Ophelia. --EOI-- Canadian Navy ships that were carrying supplies to help people in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina were slowed down because of Nate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many other herbs may be used as well, such as petite wormwood (Artemisia pontica or Roman wormwood), hyssop, melissa, star anise, angelica, sweet flag, dittany, coriander, veronica, juniper, and nutmeg. --EOI-- Many other herbs may be used as well, such as hyssop, melissa, star anise, petite wormwood (Artemisia pontica or Roman wormwood), angelica root, Sweet Flag, dittany leaves, coriander, veronica, juniper, nutmeg, and various mountain herbs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He discovered fertilization of sea urchins, he recognized the role of the cell nucleus during inheritance and chromosome reduction during meiosis: in 1876, he found that fertilization includes the penetration of a spermatozoon into an egg cell. --EOI-- He discovered fertilization of sea urchins, he recognized the role of the cell nucleus during inheritance and chromosome reduction during meiosis. In 1876, he found that fertilization includes the penetration of a spermatozoon into an egg cell. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rose hips are commonly used as an herbal tea, often blended with hibiscus and as an oil. --EOI-- Rose hips are commonly used as an herbal tea. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nor` easter s thrive on the converging air masses; that is, the polar cold air mass and the warmer ocean water of the Gulf Stream. --EOI-- Nor` easter s thrive on the converging air masses; that is, the polar cold air mass and the warmer ocean water of the Gulf Stream. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A common example of a chemical substance is pure water; it has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether it is isolated from a river or made in a laboratory. --EOI-- For example, a sample of water has the same properties and the same ratio of hydrogen to oxygen whether the sample came from a river or was made in a laboratory. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nicotine patches is a transdermal patch for the administration of nicotine. Nicotine gum, nicotine sprays, nicotine sublingual tablets, and nicotine lozenges administer nicotine orally. --EOI-- Common methods include nicotine patches and chewing gums with nicotine in them. --separator-- --simplificataion-- White audiences' interest in the blues during the 1960s increased due to the Chicago-based Paul Butterfield Blues Band and the British blues movement. The style of British blues developed in the UK, when bands such as The Animals, Fleetwood Mac, John Mayall& the Bluesbreakers, The Rolling Stones, The Yardbirds, and Cream and Irish musician Rory Gallagher performed classic blues songs from the Delta or Chicago blues traditions. --EOI-- The first blues songs were called Delta blues. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Moss also designed a charm in a necklace for Wallis in 2007 in aid of Cancer Research UK and said "I am happy to give my support to help fund crucial research, as so many lives are affected by this terrible disease ". --EOI-- Moss also designed a charm in a necklace for Wallis in 2007 in aid of Cancer Research UK and said "I am happy to give my support to help fund crucial research, as so many lives are affected by this terrible disease ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Under English heraldic law, women other than monarchs do not bear helms or crests; instead, the coronet appropriate to the dame's rank, if there is one, is used (see coronet). Above the crest or coronet, the stall's occupant's heraldic banner is hung, emblazoned with his or her coat of arms. --EOI-- Above the crest or coronet hangs the Knight or Dame's heraldic banner, showing the coat of arms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the satirical British television program Yes Minister, Jim Hacker MP is told an old joke by his Private Secretary Bernard Woolley about what the various post-nominals stand for. --EOI-- In the satirical British television program Yes Minister, Jim Hacker MP is told an old joke by his Private Secretary Bernard Woolley about what the different post-nominals mean. --separator-- --simplificataion-- PÃ re David's Deer has a long tail, wide hooves, and branched antlers. --EOI-- PÃ re David's Deer has a long tail, wide hooves, and branched antlers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This gas chamber operated from 1941 to 1942, during which time some 60,000 people were killed therein; it was then converted into an air-raid shelter for the use of the SS. --EOI-- They used this from 1941 to 1942, and killed about 60,000 people by sending them to the gas chamber. After this, they made this as an air-raid shelter for the use of SS. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Polish government decided to restore Auschwitz I and turn it into a museum honoring the victims of Nazism; Auschwitz II, where buildings (many of which were prefabricated wood structures) were prone to decay, was preserved but not restored. Today, the Auschwitz I museum site combines elements from several periods into a single complex: for example the gas chamber at Auschwitz I (which had been converted into an air-raid shelter for the SS) was restored and the fence was moved (because of building work being done after the war but before the museum was established). --EOI-- Auschwitz II and the remains of the gas chambers are also part of the museum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The mobile forms (Errantia) tend to have well-developed sense organs and jaws, while the stationary forms (Sedentaria) lack them but may have specialized gills or tentacles used for respiration and deposit or filter feeding, e.g., fanworms. --EOI-- The mobile forms (Errantia) tend to have well-developed sense organs and jaws, while the stationary forms (Sedentaria) lack them but may have specialized gills or tentacles used for respiration and deposit or filter feeding, e.g., fanworms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Often, it is the result of sleep deprivation, mental fatigue, depression, sleep apnea, hypoxia, narcolepsy, or hypersomnia. --EOI-- It may happen as a result of sleep deprivation, fatigue, sleep apnea, narcolepsy, or hypersomnia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, a microsleep episode is claimed to have been one factor contributing to the Waterfall train disaster in 2003; the driver had a heart attack and the guard who should have reacted to the train's increasing speed is said by his defender to have microslept, thus causing him to be held unaccountable. --EOI-- For example, a microsleep episode is claimed to have been one factor contributing to the Waterfall train disaster in 2003; the driver had a heart attack and the guard who should have reacted to the train's increasing speed is said by his defender to have microslept. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He became involved in the pub rock scene and drug culture, and recorded two albums with Paul Kelly and the Dots. Kelly moved to Sydney by 1985 where he formed Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls, which was renamed Paul Kelly and the Messengers, initially for international releases only, to avoid possible racist interpretations. --EOI-- Kelly has led many groups including Paul Kelly and the Dots, Paul Kelly and the Coloured Girls and Paul Kelly and the Messengers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Favorable conditions persisted for several days prior to the arrival of the depression, and as such the depression quickly intensified into Tropical Storm Anita. The storm tracked slowly over anomalously warm water temperatures, and throughout its duration it was embedded within warm, moist tropical air; Anita rapidly organized and attained hurricane status late on August 30; this is the latest date for the first hurricane since 1967. --EOI-- Water temperatures were warm, this allow Tropical Storm Anita to become Hurricane Anita during August 30. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Different species are able to see different parts of the light spectrum; for example, bees can see into the ultraviolet, while pit vipers can accurately target prey with their pit organs, which are sensitive to infrared radiation. --EOI-- Different species are able to see different parts of the light spectrum; for example, bees can see into the ultraviolet, while pit vipers can accurately target prey with their infrared imaging sensors. --separator-- --simplificataion-- English and German pencils were not available to the French during the Napoleonic Wars; France, under naval blockade imposed by Great Britain, was unable to import the pure graphite sticks from the British Grey Knotts minesâ "the only known source in the world for solid graphite. --EOI-- English and German pencils were not available to the French during the Napoleonic Wars; France, under naval blockade imposed by Great Britain, was unable to import the pure graphite sticks from the British Grey Knotts minesâ "the only known source in the world for solid graphite. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After days of starvation, Bobby Jon brought a giant clam for his tribe; hoping that it would help them win the next Immunity Challenge. --EOI-- After days of starvation, Bobby Jon brought a giant clam for his tribe; hoping that it would help them win the next Immunity Challenge. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In a twist that would eventually lead to its use in later seasons, one individual immunity challenge required the first player to drop out to spend a night alone on an isolated island. --EOI-- In a twist that would used in later seasons, the first player to lose the individual immunity challenge had to spend the night alone on a separate island. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With the others (including the obviously-vulnerable Stephenie) bailed out for various food items, Tom was the last man standing and won Immunity. --EOI-- With the others (including Stephenie) jumping off for different food items, Tom was the last man standing and won Immunity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With another Tribal Council coming, Kim was still perceived as a weak link as well as lazy at camp, but she tried to shake things up when she tried to pull the other Ulong girls to an alliance. --EOI-- With another Tribal Council coming, Kim was still seen as a weak player as well as lazy at camp, but she tried to shake things up when she tried to pull the other Ulong girls to an alliance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His two greatest achievements are cited as overseeing the eradication of smallpox, and the control of Australia's rabbit plague through the introduction of Myxoma virus. --EOI-- He was famous for his work on smallpox and the myxoma virus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They are calmer and less likely to bite; they can tolerate greater crowding; they breed earlier and produce more offspring; and their brains, livers, kidneys, adrenal glands, and hearts are smaller (Barnett 2002). --EOI-- They are calmer and less likely to bite; they can tolerate greater crowding; they breed earlier and produce more offspring; and their brains, livers, kidneys, adrenal glands, and hearts are smaller (Barnett 2002). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Humans, and other animals that walk on the soles of their feet, are described as being plantigrade; unguligrade animals are those that walk on hooves at the tips of their toes. --EOI-- Humans, and other animals that walk on the soles of their feet, are plantigrade; hoofed animals are unguligrade. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Toes are the digits of the foot of a tetrapod. --EOI-- Toes are the digits of the foot of an animal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A sprain or strain to the small interphalangeal joints of the toe is commonly called a stubbed toe. A sprain or strain where the toe joins to the foot is called turf toe. --EOI-- The inside toe is by far the thickest, and is called the big toe, great toe, or hallux. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Occasionally, he and Garfunkel did reunite, such as in 1975 for their Top Ten single "My Little Town ", which Simon originally wrote for Garfunkel, claiming Garfunkel's solo output was lacking "bite. " The song was included on their respective solo albums; Paul Simon's Still Crazy After All These Years, and Garfunkel's Breakaway. --EOI-- He became famous as a member of Simon and Garfunkel, with his friend, Art Garfunkel. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Apart from a high level of proteins, lentils also contain dietary fiber, folate, vitamin B1, and minerals. --EOI-- Apart from a high level of proteins, lentils also contain dietary fiber, vitamin B1, and minerals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Public school buildings acted as shelters, and were for refuge only, meaning they did not provide food, cots, blankets, medications or other comfort items. --EOI-- Public school buildings acted as shelters, and were for refuge only, meaning they did not provide food, cots, blankets, medications or other comfort items. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The largest consumer of tellurium is metallurgy, where it is used in iron, copper and lead alloys. --EOI-- The main use of tellurium is in alloys. It is used in iron, copper, and lead alloys. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In contrast to selenium, tellurium is not able to replace sulfur in its minerals. This is due to the large difference in ion radius of sulfur and tellurium. --EOI-- Some fungi, though, can use tellurium instead of selenium or sulfur. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Alloyed with both cadmium and mercury, to form mercury cadmium telluride, an infrared sensitive semiconductor material is formed. --EOI-- It can be alloyed with both cadmium and mercury to make mercury cadmium telluride, an infrared sensitive semiconductor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thallium (I) sulfate is soluble in water and its toxic effects are derived from the thallium (I) cation. Since thallium sulfate is a simple powder with indistinctive properties, it can easily be mistaken for more innocuous chemicals. --EOI-- It has thallium and sulfate ions in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex, the Danish group HÃ st and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group, the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time; the periodical Cobra, a series of collaborations between various members called Peintures-Mot and two large-scale exhibitions. --EOI-- Coming together as an amalgamation of the Dutch group Reflex, the Danish group HÃ st and the Belgian Revolutionary Surrealist Group, the group only lasted a few years but managed to achieve a number of objectives in that time; the periodical Cobra, a series of collaborations between various members called Peintures-Mot and two large-scale exhibitions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Furthermore, sheet wrought iron can not bend as much as steel sheet metal (when cold worked). Wrought iron can be cast, however there is no engineering advantage as compared to cast iron; cast iron is much easier to produce and thus cheaper, so it is exclusively chosen over wrought iron. --EOI-- Wrought iron is a type of iron. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, because of widespread pollution during the Industrial Revolution in England, many of the lichens died out, and the trees that peppered moths rested on became blackened by soot, causing most of the light-coloured moths, or typica, to die off from predation. --EOI-- Due to the pollution during the Industrial Revolution in England, many of the lichens died out, and the trees that peppered moths rested on became blackened by soot, causing most of the light-colored moths, or typica, to die off from predation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The primary purpose of a pacemaker is to maintain an adequate heart rate, either because the heart's native pacemaker is not fast enough, or there is a block in the heart's electrical conduction system. --EOI-- If your heart is beating too fast, the pacemaker slows it down. If your heart slows down, the pacemaker will slightly speed it up, so that it goes back to a normal heart beat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just, And this be our motto:â In God is our trust;â And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave Oâ er the land of the free and the home of the brave! --EOI-- Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just, And this be our mottoâ "â In God is our trust.â And the star-spangled banner in triumph shall wave Oâ er the land of the free and the home of the brave. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Saliva (sÉË laÉ vÉ, referred to in various contexts as spit, spittle, drivel, drool, or slobber) is the watery and usually frothy substance produced in the mouths of humans and most other animals. Saliva is a component of oral fluid. --EOI-- Saliva is the watery substance made in the mouths of humans and some animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are several species within this genus, and there are other bacteria capable of forming acetic acid under various conditions; but all of the Acetobacter are known by this characteristic ability. --EOI-- There are several species within this genus, and there are other bacteria that can form acetic acid under different conditions; but all of the Acetobacer are known by this ability. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Acetobacter is a genus of acetic acid bacteria characterized by the ability to convert ethanol to acetic acid in the presence of oxygen. --EOI-- Acetobacter is a kind of bacteria. These bacteria are known by their ability to change alcohol to acetic acid in the presence of air. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Though he played the bulk of his career in an era when goaltenders could not leave their feet to make a save (the rule was changed in 1918), VÃ zina is regarded as one of the greatest goaltenders in hockey history; the Montreal Standard referred to him as the "greatest goaltender of the last two decades " in their obituary. --EOI-- Though he played most of his career in an era when goaltenders could not leave their feet to make a save (the rule was changed in 1918), VÃ zina is considered as one of the greatest goaltenders in hockey history; the Montreal Standard referred to him as the "greatest goaltender of the last two decades " in their obituary. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The autopsy revealed no trace of drugs or alcohol either. --EOI-- The autopsy revealed no trace of drugs or alcohol either. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Italian police and CSI investigators found no sex books, no photos, no condoms, no restraints, no lotions, no aphrodisiacs, no drugs, no wine, no alcohol, none of them, at the scene, which was searched twice, 6 weeks apart. --EOI-- Italian police and CSI investigators found no sex books, no photos, no condoms, no restraints, no lotions, no aphrodisiacs, no drugs, no wine, no alcohol, none of them, at the scene, which was searched twice, 6 weeks apart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is in contrast to the earlier view that fish had first invaded the landâ " either in search of prey (like modern mudskippers) or to find water when the pond they lived in dried outâ " and later evolved legs, lungs, etc. --EOI-- Before this, it was believed that fish had first moved onto landâ "either looking for food (like modern mudskippers) or to find water when the pond they lived in dried out. It was believed that they later evolved legs, lungs, and other body parts to live better on land. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Additional shared features include spiracles and, in sturgeons, a heterocercal tail (the vertebrae extend into the larger lobe of the caudal fin). --EOI-- Additional shared features include spiracles and, in sturgeons, a heterocercal tail (the vertebrae extend into the larger lobe of the caudal fin). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Appendicitis a condition characterized by inflammation of the appendix. --EOI-- Appendicitis is a medical condition. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its primary natural purpose is to protect the egg yolk and provide additional nutrition for the growth of the embryo, as it is rich in proteins, though it contains almost no fat, unlike the egg yolk, which has a high fat value. --EOI-- The yellow part is called the egg yolk. The egg white holds the egg yolk in place. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other examples of the unique fauna who inhabit this ecosystem are scaly-foot gastropod Crysomallon squamiferum, a species of snail with a foot reinforced by scales made of iron and organic materials, and the Pompeii Worm Alvinella pompejana, which is capable of withstanding temperatures up to 80Â C (176Â F). --EOI-- Other examples of the unique fauna who inhabit this ecosystem are the gastropod Crysomallon squamiferum, a species of snail with a foot reinforced by scales made of iron and organic materials, and the` Pompeii Worm' Alvinella pompejana, which is capable of withstanding temperatures up to 80Â C (176Â F). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The examples of convergent evolution seen between distinct hydrothermal vents is seen as major support for the theory of natural selection and of evolution as a whole. --EOI-- The examples of convergent evolution seen between distinct hydrothermal vents is seen as major support for the theory of natural selection and evolution as a whole. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These bacteria use sulfur compounds, particularly hydrogen sulfide, a chemical highly toxic to most known organisms, to produce organic material through the process of chemosynthesis. --EOI-- These bacteria use sulfur compounds, particularly hydrogen sulfide, a chemical highly toxic to most known organisms, to produce organic material through the process of chemosynthesis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hydrothermal vent communities are able to sustain such vast amounts of life because vent organisms depend on chemosynthetic bacteria for food. --EOI-- Hydrothermal vent communities are able to sustain such vast amounts of life because vent organisms depend on chemosynthetic bacteria for food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In many countries the most common energy sources for heating water are fossil fuels: natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, oil, or sometimes solid fuels. --EOI-- The most common energy sources for heating water are fossil fuels: natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, oil or sometimes solid fuels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A mature sporophyte produces spores by meiosis, a process which results in a reduction of the number of chromosomes by a half. --EOI-- The sporophyte produces spores (hence the name), by meiosis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Critics accused Al Jazeera of sensationalism in order to increase its audience share. Al Jazeera's broadcasts have sometimes resulted in drastic action: for example, when, on 27 January 1999, critics of the Algerian government appeared on the channel's live program El-Itidjah el-Mouakass ( "The Opposite Direction "), the Algerian government cut the electricity supply to large parts of the capital Algiers (and allegedly also to large parts of the country), to prevent the program from being seen. --EOI-- For example on January 27, 1999 Al Jazeera had critics of the government of Algeria on their live program El-Itidjah el-Mouakass (Arabic for The Opposite Direction). --separator-- --simplificataion-- A stroopwafel (English translation: syrup waffle or treacle waffle) is a waffle made from two thin layers of baked batter with a caramel-like syrup filling in the middle. --EOI-- A stroopwafel is a small syrup waffle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After more touring (including a European tour and spots on the Vans Warped tour), the band went back to the studio and recorded their fourth album The Sufferer& the Witness, which included eight singles ( "Ready to Fall, "Prayer of the Refugee ", "The Good Left Undone ", "Behind Closed Doors ", "Drones ", "Survive ", "Injection ", and "Under the Knife ".) --EOI-- After more touring (like a European tour and spots on the Vans Warped tour), the band went back to the studio and recorded their fourth album The Sufferer& the Witness, which had eight singles ( "Ready to Fall, "Prayer of the Refugee ", "The Good Left Undone ", "Behind Closed Doors ", "Drones ", "Survive ", "Injection ", and "Under the Knife ".) --separator-- --simplificataion-- In order to replace him, former Reach the Sky guitarist Chris Chasse joined in 2004 and they released their Geffen debut Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --EOI-- In order to replace him, former Reach the Sky guitarist Chris Chasse joined in 2004 and they released their first album on Geffen records, Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While the grass is growing, the roots intertwine with the artificial fibers. The designers claim this anchors the field to create a solid, even structure with good drainage and` playing comfort'. --EOI-- The roots of the natural grass mix with the fibers and anchor the field to create a solid structure with better drainage and better playing comfort. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Meat from other animals, such as beef, lamb, chicken, goat, or turkey, may also be cut, cured, or otherwise prepared to resemble bacon, and may even be referred to as "bacon ". --EOI-- Because of this, other varieties of bacon are also made out of turkey or chicken instead. Turkey bacon and chicken bacon usually contain half of the fat of pork based bacon. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was immediately arrested by waiting members of the Long Beach Police Department; when asked by a reporter why he had done it, Walters replied, "A man ca n't just sit around. " --EOI-- A reporter asked Larry why he had done it. Walters said, "A man ca n't just sit around. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Walters attached the balloons to his lawn chair, filled them with helium, put on a parachute, and strapped himself into the chair in the backyard of a home at 1633 W. 7th St. in San Pedro He took his pellet gun, a CB radio, sandwiches, cold beer, and a camera. --EOI-- He put on a parachute and used belts to hold himself in the chair. He took his pellet gun, a CB radio, sandwiches, cold beer, and a camera. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He has done research on cancer of the cervix, where he discovered the role of papilloma viruses, for which he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2008. --EOI-- He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2008 for his discoveries on the role of papilloma viruses which he shared with Luc Montagnier and FranÃ oise BarrÃ- Sinoussi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because it does not contain any cocoa solids, white chocolate does not contain any theobromine, meaning it can be consumed by animals. --EOI-- White chocolate does not have any cocoa in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Milk chocolate is sweet chocolate that additionally contains milk powder or condensed milk. --EOI-- Milk chocolate uses all of those ingredients plus milk and vanilla. --separator-- --simplificataion-- White chocolate is formed from a mixture of sugar, cocoa butter and milk solids. --EOI-- Dark or bittersweet chocolate is made from sugar, cocoa butter, and chocolate liquor. Milk chocolate uses all of those ingredients plus milk and vanilla. --separator-- --simplificataion-- White chocolate contains cocoa butter, sugar, and milk but no cocoa solids. --EOI-- Milk chocolate has some cocoa. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Much of the chocolate consumed today is in the form of sweet chocolate, combining chocolate with sugar. --EOI-- Then the chocolate maker mixes different ingredients together to make the different kinds of chocolate. Dark or bittersweet chocolate is made from sugar, cocoa butter, and chocolate liquor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Semisweet chocolate is a dark chocolate with a low sugar content. Bittersweet chocolate is chocolate liquor to which some sugar (typically a third), more cocoa butter, vanilla and sometimes lecithin have been added. --EOI-- Dark or bittersweet chocolate is made from sugar, cocoa butter, and chocolate liquor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Much of the chocolate consumed today is in the form of sweet chocolate, combining chocolate with sugar. Milk chocolate is sweet chocolate that additionally contains milk powder or condensed milk. --EOI-- Milk chocolate is sweet, but not as sweet as white chocolate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The surface of the cerebral cortex is folded in large mammals, such that more than two-thirds of it in the human brain is buried in the grooves, called "sulci ". The phylogenetically most recent part of the cerebral cortex, the neocortex (also called isocortex), is differentiated into six horizontal layers; the more ancient part of the cerebral cortex, the hippocampus (also called archicortex), has at most three cellular layers, and is divided into subfields. --EOI-- The neocortex is the newest part of the cerebral cortex to evolve; the other parts of the cerebral cortex are the old cortex, mostly the hippocampus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cerebral cortex is a sheet of neural tissue that is outermost to the cerebrum of the mammalian brain. --EOI-- It is a sheet of neural tissue that is outermost to the cerebrum of the mammalian brain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In contrast to gray matter that is formed from neurons and their unmyelinated fibers, the white matter below them is formed predominantly by myelinated axons interconnecting neurons in different regions of the cerebral cortex with each other and neurons in other parts of the central nervous system. --EOI-- In contrast to gray matter that is formed from neurons and their unmyelinated fibers, the white matter below them is formed predominantly by myelinated axons interconnecting neurons in different regions of the cerebral cortex with each other and neurons in other parts of the central nervous system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The phylogenetically most recent part of the cerebral cortex, the neocortex (also called isocortex), is differentiated into six horizontal layers; the more ancient part of the cerebral cortex, the hippocampus (also called archicortex), has at most three cellular layers, and is divided into subfields. --EOI-- The phylogenetically most recent part of the cerebral cortex, the neocortex, has six horizontal layers; the more ancient part of the cerebral cortex, the hippocampus, has at most three cellular layers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In preserved brains, it has a gray color, hence the name "gray matter ". --EOI-- In preserved brains, it has a gray color, hence the name` gray matter'. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The surface of the cerebral cortex is folded in large mammals, such that more than two-thirds of it in the human brain is buried in the grooves, called "sulci ". --EOI-- The surface of the cerebral cortex is folded in large mammals, such that more than two-thirds of it in the human brain is buried in the grooves. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Neurons in various layers connect vertically to form small microcircuits, called columns. --EOI-- Neurons in various layers connect vertically to form small microcircuits, called` columns'. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Food additives are substances added to food to preserve flavor or enhance its taste and appearance. Some additives have been used for centuries; for example, preserving food by pickling (with vinegar), salting, as with bacon, preserving sweets or using sulfur dioxide as in some wines. --EOI-- Some additives have been used for centuries, like salting fish or using vinegar to preserve vegetables (called pickling). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Finally, fast local hard disk can also cache information held on even slower data storage devices, such as remote servers (web cache) or local tape drives or optical jukeboxes. --EOI-- Local hard disks are fast compared to other storage devices, such as remote servers, local tape drives, or optical jukeboxes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- About 5.1 million tonnes were produced worldwide in 2009, mainly for use as a solvent and production of methyl methacrylate and bisphenol A. Familiar household uses of acetone are as the active ingredient in nail polish remover and as paint thinner. --EOI-- Familiar household uses of acetone are as the active ingredient in nail polish remover and as paint thinner. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Archaeological evidence shows that the site of the Roman Baths' main spring was treated as a shrine by the Iron Age Britons, and was dedicated to the goddess Sulis, whom the Romans identified with Minerva; however, the name Sulis continued to be used after the Roman invasion, leading to the town's Roman name of Aquae Sulis (literally, "the waters of Sulis "). --EOI-- The Romans built the baths as part of a spa, in the year 43 BC, but they called it Aquae Sulis, which means "The waters of Sulis " (Sulis was a Roman goddess) Because of the baths and the architecture of the city (the style of the buildings), Bath was named a World Heritage Site in 1987. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A carapace is a dorsal (upper) section of the exoskeleton or shell in a number of animal groups, including arthropods such as crustaceans and arachnids, as well as vertebrates such as turtles and tortoises. --EOI-- A carapace is a dorsal section of an exoskeleton or shell in a number of animal groups. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With the beginning of the Indus civilization around the middle of the 3rd millennium B.C., for the first time in the area which encompasses today's Pakistan an advanced urban culture developed with large structural facilities, some of which survive to this day. --EOI-- With the beginning of the Indus civilization around the middle of the 3rd millennium B.C., for the first time in the area which encompasses today's Pakistan an advanced urban culture developed with large structural facilities, some of which survive to this day. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The 24th film in the Walt Disney Animated Classics series, the film tells the story of two unlikely friends, a red fox named Tod and a hound dog named Copper, who struggle to preserve their friendship despite their emerging instincts and the surrounding social pressures demanding them to be adversaries. --EOI-- The 24th movie in the list of Disney animated movies, the movie is about two unlikely friends, a red fox and a hound dog, who have trouble preserving their friendship because of their emerging instincts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The film is directed by Ted Berman and Richard Rich and features the voices of Kurt Russell, Mickey Rooney, Pearl Bailey, Pat Buttram, Sandy Duncan, Richard Bakalyan, Paul Winchell, Jack Albertson, Jeanette Nolan, John Fiedler, John McIntire, Keith Coogan, and Corey Feldman. --EOI-- The movie stars the voices of Kurt Russell, Mickey Rooney, Pearl Bailey, Pat Buttram, Sandy Duncan, Richard Bakalyan, Paul Winchell, Jack Albertson, Jeanette Nolan, John Fiedler, John McIntire, Keith Mitchell, and Corey Feldman. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Months pass and Tod and Copper reach adulthood; Copper has become an experienced hunting dog, while Tod has grown into a handsome fox. On the night of Copper's return, Tod (Mickey Rooney) sneaks over to meet him. --EOI-- They chase Tod and Copper finds him. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Months pass and Tod and Copper reach adulthood; Copper has become an experienced hunting dog, while Tod has grown into a handsome fox. --EOI-- Months pass, and Tod and Copper are now adults. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rise Against released their first two records (The Unraveling, and Revolutions per Minute) on Fat Wreck Chords, and their next three (Siren Song of the Counter Culture, The Sufferer& the Witness, Appeal to Reason) on Geffen, and their next album Endgame was released on Interscope. --EOI-- Rise Against released their first two records (The Unraveling, and Revolutions Per Minute) on Fat Wreck Chords, and their next two (Siren Song of the Counter Culture, and The Sufferer& the Witness) on Geffen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oliver Smithies (born June 23, 1925) is a British-born American geneticist and Nobel laureate, credited with the invention of gel electrophoresis in 1955, and the simultaneous discovery, with Mario Capecchi and Martin Evans, of the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA, a much more reliable method of altering animal genomes than previously used, and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice. --EOI-- Much later, he worked on the technique of homologous recombination of transgenic DNA with genomic DNA. This is the most reliable method of altering animal genomes at present, and the technique behind gene targeting and knockout mice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The tibia, shinbone, or shankbone is the larger and stronger of the two bones in the leg below the knee in vertebrates (the other being the fibula), and connects the knee with the ankle bones. --EOI-- The tibia, shinbone, or shankbone is the larger and stronger of the two bones in the leg below the knee in vertebrates. It connects the knee with the ankle bones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Common forms of soy (or soya) include soy meal, soy flour, soy milk, tofu, textured vegetable protein (TVP, which is made into a wide variety of vegetarian foods, some of them intended to imitate meat), tempeh, soy lecithin and soybean oil. --EOI-- They are also used to make soybean oil, tofu, soy sauce, soy milk and soybean flour. Many vegetarians use foods made of soy, as it is rich in protein. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They infer intuitively that dog is to dogs as cat is to cats; similarly, dog is to dog catcher as dish is to dishwasher, in one sense. --EOI-- They simply know that dog is to dogs as cat is to cats. They know that dog is to dog-catcher as dish is to dishwasher. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The trachea (windpipe) divides into two main bronchi (also mainstem bronchi), the left and the right, at the level of the sternal angle at the anatomical point known as the carina. --EOI-- The trachea divides to form the right and left main bronchi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is hyaline cartilage present in the bronchi, present as irregular rings in the larger bronchi (and not as regular as in the trachea), and as small plates and islands in the smaller bronchi. --EOI-- The bronchi have cartilage as part of their supporting wall structure. The trachea divides to form the right and left main bronchi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This can lead to a point mutation if not repaired by the DNA repair enzymes such as uracil glycosylase, which cleaves a uracil in DNA. --EOI-- This can lead to a point mutation if not repaired by the DNA repair enzymes such as uracil glycosylase, which cleaves a uracil in DNA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Queen has nearly no black marked veins, and has white fore wing submarginal spots on both surfaces of the wings. --EOI-- The Queen has nearly no black-lined veins. On the fore wing it has white spots on both surfaces of the wings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Monarch is more orange, has heavier black-lined veins, and the underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color. --EOI-- It has heavier black-lined veins. The underside of the wings is a pale yellowish color. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At the Immunity Challenge, La Mina constructed the skull pyramid faster than Casaya, finally breaking their losing streak and winning Immunity. --EOI-- At the Immunity Challenge, La Mina built the skull pyramid faster than Casaya, finally winning Immunity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Back at Casaya, Tina caught a sizable fish while Ruth-Marie and Melinda targeted Cirie for being a weak link. --EOI-- Back at Casaya, Tina caught a big fish while Ruth-Marie and Melinda wanted to vote off Cirie because they thought she was weak. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In October 1987, a mammogram detected a lesion in Nancy Reagan's left breast and she was subsequently diagnosed with breast cancer. --EOI-- In October 1987, physicians found that Nancy Reagan had breast cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The tre cassyn also appears on the Manx Sword of State, which is popularly said to date to the time of King AmlaÃ b mac Gofraid (d. 1237), although recent analysis has shown it more likely dates to about the 15th century. --EOI-- The tre cassyn also appears on the Manx Sword of State, which is popularly said to date to the time of King AmlaÃ b mac Gofraid (d. 1237), although recent analysis has shown it more likely dates to about the 15th century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ilama is usually chilled when served. It is sometimes served with a little cream and sugar to intensify the flavor, or with a drop of lime or lemon juice to bring in a tart and bitter tinge. --EOI-- The Ilama is usually chilled when served, it is sometimes served with a little cream and sugar to intensify the flavor, or with a drop of lime or lemon juice to bring in a tart and bitter tinge. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On 13 September 2008, Lee, then 84, underwent successful treatment for abnormal heart rhythm (atrial flutter) at Singapore General Hospital, but he was still able to address a philanthropy forum via video link from hospital. --EOI-- On 13 September 2008, Lee, 84, underwent successful treatment for abnormal heart rhythm (atrial flutter) at Singapore General Hospital, but he was still able to address a philanthropy forum via video link from hospital. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A strain is a genetic variant or subtype of a microorganism (e.g. virus or bacterium or fungus). --EOI-- A strain is a genetic variant or subtype of a microorganism, that is to say a virus or bacterium or fungus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A few are forget-me-not, cabbage, apple, dandelion, buttercup, maple and macadamia. --EOI-- A few examples of eudicots are forget-me-not, cabbage, apple, dandelion, buttercup, maple and macadamia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Weekly rehearsals are held in the crypt of St Paul's Cathedral on the Octagon in central Dunedin. --EOI-- Choir practice is held every week in the Crypt of St Paul's Cathedral on the Octagon in the middle of Dunedin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Schubert: Mass in A Flat; Orff: Carmina Burmana; Elgar: Dream of Gerontius; Bach: A Christmas Oratorio; Ralph Vaughan Williams: Serenade to Music; Handel: The King Shall Rejoice; Purcell: Come ye Sons of Art; Mendelssohn: As the Hart Pants; Handel: My Heart is Inditing; Haydn: Nelson Mass; Handel: Messiah; Bach: St. John Passion; Faure: Cantique de Jean Racine; Faure: Requiem. --EOI-- Schubert: Mass in A Flat; Orff: Carmina Burmana; Elgar: Dream of Gerontius; Bach: A Christmas Oratorio; Ralph Vaughan Williams: Serenade to Music; Handel: The King Shall Rejoice; Purcell: Come ye Sons of Art; Mendelssohn: As the Hart Pants; Handel: My Heart is Inditing; Haydn: Nelson Mass; Handel: Messiah; Bach: St. John Passion; Faure: Cantique de Jean Racine; Faure: Requiem and Alexander Estrange: Zimbe! --separator-- --simplificataion-- Feather Falls is a waterfall located on the Fall River, a tributary of the Middle Fork Feather River, within the Plumas National Forest in the Sierra Nevada; in Butte County, eastern California. --EOI-- Feather Falls is a waterfall found on the Fall River. It is a tributary of the Middle Fork Feather River, in Plumas National Forest of Butte County, California. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Olympic Games (- ta Olympia;- Olympiakoi Agones) were a series of athletic competitions held for representatives of various city-states of Ancient Greece held in honor of Zeus. --EOI-- The Ancient Olympic Games were a series of athletic competitions held between the city-states of Ancient Greece. They used to be called the Olympic Games (; Olympiakoi Agones) until the modern day Olympic Games started. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Evaporation of the solution forms crystals of potassium bifluoride. --EOI-- This reaction can make potassium bifluoride. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They have small eyes and poor sight, and hunt in the early evening and at night, using their hearing and long, sensitive whiskers to locate prey. --EOI-- They have small eyes and poor sight, and hunt in the early evening and at night, using their hearing and long, sensitive whiskers to locate prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2009 Gillard oversaw the government's "Building the Education Revolution " program, which allocated$ 16 billion to build new school accommodation including classrooms, libraries and assembly halls. --EOI-- In 2009 Gillard was in charge of the government's "Building the Education Revolution " program, which gave AU$ 16 billion to build new school classrooms, libraries and assembly halls. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The local leisure complexes include the Galleon Centre: with a 25 metre swimming pool, baby pool, ice rink, squash courts, sauna, gym, games hall, bar area, bowling green and the New Northwest Centre (formerly the Hunter Centre) which contains a community gym and various local medical facilities. --EOI-- The local leisure complexes include the Galleon Centre: with a 25 metre swimming pool, baby pool, ice rink, squash courts, sauna, gym, games hall, bar area, bowling green and the New Northwest Centre (formerly the Hunter Centre) which contains an up-to-date community gym and various local medical facilities. --separator-- --simplificataion-- David Scott "Dave " Mustaine (born September 13, 1961, La Mesa, California) is the founder, main songwriter, guitarist, and lead vocalist for the American thrash metal band Megadeth. --EOI-- David Mustaine (born September 13, 1961 in La Mesa, California USA) is the lead guitarist, songwriter and vocalist for the heavy metal band Megadeth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- More recently, synthetic velvets have been developed, mostly polyester, nylon, viscose, acetate, and mixtures of different synthetics, or synthetics and natural fibers (e.g., viscose and silk). --EOI-- More recently, synthetic velvets have been developed, mostly polyester, nylon, viscose, acetate, and mixtures of different synthetics, or synthetics and natural fibers (e.g. viscose and silk). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In Weismann's opinion the largely random process of mutation, which must occur in the gametes (or stem cells that make them) is the only source of change for natural selection to work on. --EOI-- In Weismann's opinion the largely random process of mutation, which must occur in the gametes (or stem cells that make them) is the only source of change for natural selection to work on. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Strasburger, the outstanding botanical physiologist of that century, coined the terms nucleus and cytoplasm. --EOI-- Strasburger, the outstanding botanical physiologist of that century, coined the terms nucleus and cytoplasm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime, and is usually the principal cause of hard water. --EOI-- Calcium carbonate is usually the main cause of hard water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In spite of this, a certain amount of molecular information can be deduced from the patterns that are generated by fibers and powders, which while not as perfect as a solid crystal, may exhibit a degree of order. --EOI-- In spite of this, a certain amount of molecular information can be deduced from the patterns that are generated by fibers and powders. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The official cause of death was a drug overdose; an autopsy found a lethal mixture of cocaine and the prescription drug Tramadol, a synthetic opiate. --EOI-- He died on November 13, 2004 due to an accidental drug overdose on a lethal mixture of cocaine and the prescription drug Tramadol. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The temperatures chosen arbitrarily for reference are 100 a. The original scale only stretched between VI= 0 (worst oil, naphthalene) and VI= 100 (best oil, paraffin) but since the conception of the scale better oils have also been produced, leading to VIs greater than 100 (see below). --EOI-- The VI scale goes from 0 to 100, with 0 being the worst, and 100 being the best. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cytokines can be classified as proteins, peptides, or glycoproteins; the term "cytokine " encompasses a large and diverse family of regulators produced throughout the body by cells of diverse embryological origin. --EOI-- They are proteins, peptides, or glycoproteins. The term cytokine encompasses a large and diverse family of polypeptide regulators that are produced widely throughout the body by many groups of cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- She appeared as a guest judge on the November 25, 2007 episode of the Food Network program Iron Chef America. --EOI-- She appeared as a guest judge on the November 25, 2007 episode of the Food Network program Iron Chef America. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In early 2010, Fey received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress, and won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Lead Actress. --EOI-- In early 2010, Fey received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress. She won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Best Lead Actress. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2007, she was cast in the animated comedy film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters as the teens' mother, a giant burrito. --EOI-- In 2007, she was cast in the animated comedy film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters as the teens' mother, a giant burrito. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It can also live in symbiosis with plants and fungi and is found in soil, water, the rhizosphere, and in many animals. --EOI-- It causes disease in humans and plants and can live in symbiosis with plants and fungi. It is found in soil, water, the rhizosphere, and in many animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Modern developmental biology studies the genetic control of cell growth, differentiation and "morphogenesis ", which is the process that gives rise to tissues, organs and anatomy. --EOI-- Modern developmental biology studies the genetic control of cell growth, differentiation and morphogenesis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A cell stays a certain cell type by maintaining a particular pattern of gene expression. This depends on regulatory genes, e.g. for transcription factors and signaling proteins. --EOI-- A cell stays a certain cell type by maintaining a particular pattern of gene expression.293-5 This depends on regulatory genes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Growth continues after the embryonal stage, and occurs through cell proliferation, enlargement of cells or accumulation of extracellular material. --EOI-- Growth continues after the embryonic stage, and occurs through cell division, enlargement of cells or accumulation of extracellular material. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He seemed fine at first but later that day suffered a massive brain hemorrhage which was possibly triggered by the anticoagulant medication he was taking after the heart surgery. --EOI-- He seemed fine at first but later that day suffered a massive brain hemorrhage which was possibly triggered by the medication he was taking after the heart surgery. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2001 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Leland Hartwell and Sir Paul Nurse for their discoveries regarding cell cycle regulation by cyclin and cyclin-dependent kinases. --EOI-- In 2001 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Leland Hartwell and Paul Nurse for their work on cell division. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He and others subsequently showed that the cyclins bind and activate a family of protein kinases, now called the cyclin-dependent kinases, one of which had been identified as a crucial cell cycle regulator by Paul Nurse. --EOI-- His group showed that cyclins bind and activate a family of protein kinases, now called the cyclin-dependent kinases. One of these had been identified as a crucial cell cycle regulator by Paul Nurse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a part of the water cycle, and it is the loss of water vapor from parts of plants (similar to sweating), especially in leaves but also in stems, flowers and roots. --EOI-- It is a part of the water cycle, and it is the loss of water vapor from parts of plants (similar to sweating), especially in leaves but also in stems, flowers and roots. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Leaf transpiration occurs through stomata, and can be thought of as a necessary "cost " associated with the opening of the stomata to allow the diffusion of carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis. --EOI-- (1) Leaf transpiration occurs through stomata, and can be thought of as a necessary "cost " associated with the opening of the stomata to allow the diffusion of carbon dioxide gas from the air for photosynthesis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The transpiration ratio is the ratio of the mass of water transpired to the mass of dry matter produced; the transpiration ratio of crops tends to fall between 200 and 1000 (i.e., crop plants transpire 200 to 1000 kg of water for every kg of dry matter produced). --EOI-- The transpiration ratio is the ratio of the mass of water transpired to the mass of dry matter produced; the transpiration ratio of crops tends to fall between 200 and 1000 (i.e., crop plants transpire 200 to 1000 kg of water for every kg of dry matter produced). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The amount of water lost by a plant depends on its size, along with surrounding light intensity, temperature, humidity, and wind speed (all of which influence evaporative demand). --EOI-- The amount of water lost by a plant depends on its size, along with surrounding light intensity, (2) temperature, humidity, and wind speed (all of which influence evaporative demand). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although lancelets split from vertebrates more than 520 million years ago, their genomes hold clues about evolution, particularly how vertebrates have employed old genes for new functions. --EOI-- Although lancelets split from vertebrates more than 520 million years ago, their genomes hold clues about evolution, particularly how vertebrates have employed old genes for new functions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To` scrub' one's hands for a surgical operation, it is necessary to have a tap that can be turned on and off without touching with the hands, some chlorhexidine or iodine wash, sterile towels for drying the hands after washing, and a sterile brush for scrubbing and another sterile instrument for cleaning under the fingernails. --EOI-- To scrub the hands for a surgery, water that can be turned on and off without touching with the hands is needed, a cleaning liquid named "chlorhexidine " or "iodine wash ", sterile cloth for drying the hands after washing, a sterile brush for hard washing and another sterile instrument for cleaning under the fingernails. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The North American Beaver (Castor canadensis), also called the Canadian Beaver (which is also the name of a subspecies), American Beaver, or simply Beaver in North America, is native to Canada, much of the United States and parts of northern Mexico. The chief feature distinguishing C. canadensis from C. fiber is the form of the nasal bones of the skull. --EOI-- Currently there are two different species of beaver, the American beaver (C. canadensis) and the European beaver (C. fiber). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because of some of the lyrics, most notably on "Hands All Over " and "Big Dumb Sex ", the band faced various retail and distribution problems upon the album's release. --EOI-- Because of some of the song lyrics, most notably on "Hands All Over " and "Big Dumb Sex ", the band faced various retail and distribution problems upon the album's release. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band retreated, with Cornell returning to conclude the show with a solo encore. --EOI-- The band retreated, with Cornell returning to conclude the show with a solo encore. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1620, the clergyman Edmund Gunter developed a method of surveying land accurately with low technology equipment, using what became known as Gunter's chain; this was 66 feet long and from the practice of using his chain, the word transferred to the actual measured unit. His chain had 100 links, and the link is used as a subdivision of the chain as a unit of length. --EOI-- This is also called a Gunter's chain, surveyor's chain or land chain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The contents of the axilla include the axillary vein and artery, as well as the brachial plexus, lymph nodes and fat. --EOI-- In the area where the axllia is, the body parts that are found are the axillary vein, axillary artery, brachial plexus, lymph nodes and fat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ATP also plays a critical role in the transport of macromolecules across cell membranes, e.g. exocytosis and endocytosis. --EOI-- ATP also plays a critical role in the active transport of macromolecules across cell membranes, e.g. exocytosis and endocytosis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One molecule of ATP contains three phosphate groups, and it is produced by ATP synthase from inorganic phosphate and adenosine diphosphate (ADP) or adenosine monophosphate (AMP). --EOI-- One molecule of ATP contains three phosphate groups, and it is produced by ATP synthase from inorganic phosphate and adenosine diphosphate (ADP) or adenosine monophosphate (AMP). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The primary cause of rickets is a vitamin D deficiency. Vitamin D is required for proper calcium absorption from the gut. --EOI-- It is caused by lack of vitamin D and calcium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a film adaptation of the Disney Channel animated television series Disney's House of Mouse, starring Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Minnie Mouse, Goofy, Daisy Duck and Disney Villains that have appeared in past Disney productions. --EOI-- It is the movie adaptation of the Disney Channel animated television series Disney's House of Mouse, starring Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Minnie Mouse, Goofy, Daisy Duck, and characters and villains that have appeared in past Disney productions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term digitalis is also used for drug preparations that contain cardiac glycosides, particularly one called digoxin, that are extracted from various plants of this genus. --EOI-- The term digitalis is also used for preparations containing cardiac glycosides, particularly digoxin, extracted from plants of this genus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The sperm is transferred from the vas deferens into the urethra, collecting secretions from the male accessory sex glands such as the seminal vesicles, prostate gland and the bulbourethral glands, which form the bulk of semen. --EOI-- The sperm go from the vas deferens into the urethra. Other male sex glands push out at the same time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The most memorable of these was his victory on the Champs-Ã lysÃ es in Paris where he won by a huge margin; almost 30m, with his own lead out man, Mark Renshaw having enough time to come in 2nd with his arms raised. --EOI-- The most memorable of these was his victory on the Champs-Ã lysÃ es in Paris where he won by a huge margin; almost 30m, with his own lead out man, Mark Renshaw having enough time to come in 2nd with his arms raised. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Scorpion stings lead to paralysis and Serket's name describes this, as it means (she who) tightens the throat, however, Serket's name also can be read as meaning (she who) causes the throat to breathe, and so, as well as being seen as stinging the unrighteous, Serket was seen as one who could cure scorpion stings and the effects of other poisons such as snake bites. --EOI-- She would sting "bad " people, but she could also cure scorpion stings and other poisons, such as snake bites. Because Serket could cure snake bites, she was sometimes known as the protector from Apep, the evil snake-god. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An alternative name for measles in English-speaking countries is rubeola, which is sometimes confused with rubella (German measles); the diseases are unrelated. --EOI-- Measles is sometimes also called rubeola, but it is not the same as rubella (German measles). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The genus Ipomoea that contains the sweet potato also includes several garden flowers called morning glories, though that term is not usually extended to Ipomoea batatas. Some cultivars of Ipomoea batatas are grown as ornamental plants; the name "tuberous morning glory " may be used in a horticultural context. --EOI-- The Sweet Potato (Ipomoea batatas) is a plant that is a member of the morning glory family, grown for its sweet, edible, tuberous roots. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Microorganisms are very diverse; they include bacteria, fungi, archaea, and protists; microscopic plants (green algae); and animals such as plankton and the planarian. --EOI-- Microorganisms can be bacteria, fungi, archaea or protists. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In human anatomy (female), the Skene's glands (also known as the lesser vestibular glands, periurethral glands, skene glands, paraurethral glands, U-spot, or female prostate) are glands located on the anterior wall of the vagina, around the lower end of the urethra. --EOI-- Skene's glands (also called lesser vestibular glands or paraurethral glands) are glands in the upper wall of the vagina. They empty into the urethra. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The important energy levels in a crystal are the top of the valence band, the bottom of the conduction band, the Fermi energy, the vacuum level, and the energy levels of any defect states in the crystal. --EOI-- The most important ones are the top of the valence band, the bottom of the conduction band, the Fermi energy, the vacuum level, and the energy levels of any defect states in the crystals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the adaptive immune system of a vertebrate encounters a virus, it produces specific antibodies that bind to the virus and render it non-infectious. --EOI-- It is called the adaptive immune system. When it meets a virus, it produces specific antibodies that bind to the virus and render it non-infectious. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; RNA viruses: Replication usually takes place in the cytoplasm. --EOI-- ; RNA viruses: Replication usually takes place in the cytoplasm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The presence of IgM in the blood of the host is used to test for acute infection, whereas IgG indicates an infection sometime in the past. --EOI-- The presence of IgM in the blood of the host is used to test for acute infection, whereas IgG indicates an infection sometime in the past. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; DNA viruses: The genome replication of most DNA viruses takes place in the cell's nucleus. --EOI-- ; DNA viruses: The genome replication of most DNA viruses takes place in the cell's nucleus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An enormous variety of genomic structures can be seen among viral species; as a group they contain more structural genomic diversity than plants, animals, archaea, or bacteria. --EOI-- An enormous variety of genomic structures occur in viral species. As a group they contain more structural genomic diversity than plants, animals, archaea, or bacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Plant viruses tend to have single-stranded RNA genomes and bacteriophages tend to have double-stranded DNA genomes. --EOI-- Plant viruses tend to have single-stranded RNA genomes and bacteriophages tend to have double-stranded DNA genomes.96\/ 99 --separator-- --simplificataion-- They are susceptible to antiviral drugs that inhibit the reverse transcriptase enzyme, e.g. zidovudine and lamivudine. --EOI-- They are susceptible to antiviral drugs that inhibit the reverse transcriptase enzyme. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its role in immunity is complex; it eventually stops the viruses from reproducing by killing the infected cell and its close neighbors. --EOI-- Its role in immunity is complex; it eventually stops the viruses from reproducing by killing the infected cell and its close neighbors. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most DNA viruses are entirely dependent on the host cell's DNA and RNA synthesising machinery, and RNA processing machinery; however, viruses with larger genomes may encode much of this machinery themselves. --EOI-- Most DNA viruses are entirely dependent on the host cell's DNA and RNA synthesising machinery, and RNA processing machinery. Viruses with larger genomes may encode much of this machinery themselves. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In eukaryotes the viral genome must cross the cell's nuclear membrane to access this machinery, while in bacteria it need only enter the cell. --EOI-- In eukaryotes the viral genome must cross the cell's nuclear membrane to access this machinery, while in bacteria it need only enter the cell.5478 --separator-- --simplificataion-- IgG antibody is measured when tests for immunity are carried out. --EOI-- IgG antibody is measured when tests for immunity are carried out. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These persistent viruses evade immune control by sequestration, blockade of antigen presentation, cytokine resistance, evasion of natural killer cell activities, escape from apoptosis, and antigenic shift. --EOI-- These persistent viruses evade immune control by sequestration (hiding away); blocking antigen presentation; cytokine resistance; evading natural killer cell activity; escape from apoptosis (cell death), and antigenic shift (changing surface proteins). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The origins of viruses in the evolutionary history of life are unclear: some may have evolved from plasmidsâ "pieces of DNA that can move between cellsâ "while others may have evolved from bacteria. --EOI-- The origins of viruses in the evolutionary history of life are unclear: some may have evolved from plasmidsâ "pieces of DNA that can move between cellsâ "while others may have evolved from bacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, some viruses including those causing AIDS and viral hepatitis evade these immune responses and result in chronic infections. --EOI-- However, some viruses including those causing AIDS and viral hepatitis evade these immune responses and result in chronic infections. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eastern European scientists have used phage therapy as an alternative to antibiotics for some time, and interest in this approach is increasing, because of the high level of antibiotic resistance now found in some pathogenic bacteria. --EOI-- Eastern European scientists have used phage therapy as an alternative to antibiotics for some time, and interest in this approach is increasing, because of the high level of antibiotic resistance now found in some pathogenic bacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- All RNA viruses use their own RNA replicase enzymes to create copies of their genomes. --EOI-- All RNA viruses use their own RNA replicase enzymes to create copies of their genomes.79 --separator-- --simplificataion-- The genomic dsRNA remains protected inside the core of the virion. --EOI-- The genomic dsRNA remains protected inside the core of the virion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Reverse transcribing viruses with RNA genomes (retroviruses), use a DNA intermediate to replicate, whereas those with DNA genomes (pararetroviruses) use an RNA intermediate during genome replication. --EOI-- ; Reverse transcribing viruses: Reverse transcribing viruses with RNA genomes (retroviruses) use a DNA intermediate to replicate. Those with DNA genomes (pararetroviruses) use an RNA intermediate during genome replication. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In evolution, viruses are an important means of horizontal gene transfer, which increases genetic diversity. --EOI-- In evolution, viruses are an important means of horizontal gene transfer, which increases genetic diversity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A second defense of vertebrates against viruses is called cell-mediated immunity and involves immune cells known as T cells. --EOI-- Another vertebrate defense against viruses is cell-mediated immunity. It involves immune cells known as T cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A biochemical pathway called the RISC complex is activated, which degrades the viral mRNA and the cell survives the infection. --EOI-- Then a biochemical pathway, called the RISC complex, starts up. This attacks the viral mRNA, and the cell survives the infection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Antibiotics have no effect on viruses, but several antiviral drugs have been developed. --EOI-- Antibiotics have no effect on viruses, but several antiviral drugs have been developed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When such a virus infects a cell, it releases its RNA molecule or molecules, which immediately bind to a protein complex called dicer that cuts the RNA into smaller pieces. --EOI-- When such a virus infects a cell, it releases its RNA molecule. A protein complex called dicer sticks to it and chops the RNA into pieces. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Immune responses can also be produced by vaccines, which confer an artificially acquired immunity to the specific viral infection. --EOI-- Immune responses can also be produced by vaccines, which confer an artificially acquired immunity to the specific viral infection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The vegetation of the small and narrow islands, encompassed by the sea, is very luxuriant; including rainforests, sago, rice and the famous spices- nutmeg, cloves and mace, among others. --EOI-- The vegetation of the small and narrow islands, with their wet climate, is very luxuriant. It includes rainforests, sago, rice, and the famous spices; including nutmeg, cloves, and mace. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Honey, tree fruits, berries, melons, and some root vegetables contain significant amounts of molecular fructose, usually in combination with glucose, stored in the form of sucrose. --EOI-- Honey; tree fruits; berries; melons; and some root vegetables, such as beets, sweet potatoes, parsnips and onions, contain fructose, usually with sucrose and glucose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The natural tendency of an inexperienced arm wrestler is to push the hand, wrist, and shoulder in the same coordinated direction, against the force being applied by the opponent. --EOI-- The natural tendency of an inexperienced arm wrestler is to push the hand, wrist, and shoulder in the same coordinated direction, against the force being applied by the opponent. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other factors such as the length of an arm wrestler's arm, his\/her muscle and arm mass\/density, hand grip size, wrist endurance and flexibility, reaction time, as well as countless other traits, can add to the advantages of one arm wrestler over another. --EOI-- Other things such as the length of an arm wrestler's arm, his\/her muscle and arm mass\/density, hand grip size, wrist endurance and flexibility, reaction time, as well as countless other traits, can add to the advantages of one arm wrestler over another. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the tendons and ligaments are too weak to support the pressure, the muscles can cause a complete tendon blow (pop). --EOI-- If the tendons and ligaments are too weak to support the pressure, the muscles can cause a complete tendon blow (pop). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most people's bones are not accustomed to being significantly stressed in this direction, and injuries can occur surprisingly easily. --EOI-- Most people's bones are not used to being so stressed in this way, and injuries can occur surprisingly easily. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Common uses for organic solvents are in dry cleaning (e.g. tetrachloroethylene), as a paint thinner (e.g. toluene, turpentine), as nail polish removers and glue solvents (acetone, methyl acetate, ethyl acetate), in spot removers (e.g. hexane, petrol ether), in detergents (citrus terpenes), in perfumes (ethanol), and in chemical synthesis. --EOI-- Common uses for organic solvents are in dry cleaning (e.g. tetrachloroethylene), as paint thinners (e.g. toluene, turpentine), as nail polish removers and glue solvents (acetone, methyl acetate, ethyl acetate), in spot removers (e.g. hexane, petrol ether), in detergents (citrus terpenes), in perfumes (ethanol), and in chemical syntheses. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By default, the template displays text in the form "yyyyâ "yy "; except for the 1999â "2000 season, which is in the form "yyyyâ "yyyy " to comply with: "A closing CE\/AD year is normally written with two digits (1881â "86) unless it is in a different century from that of the opening year (1881â "1986) " (as of April 2009). --EOI-- By default, the template displays text in the form "yyyyâ "yy "; except for the 1999â "2000 season, which is in the form "yyyyâ "yyyy " to comply with: "A closing CE\/AD year is normally written with two digits (1881â "86) unless it is in a different century from that of the opening year (1881â "1986) " (as of April 2009). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2006, Mello and Fire received the Nobel Prize for work that began in 1998, when Mello and Fire along with their colleagues (SiQun Xu, Mary Montgomery, Stephen Kostas, and Sam Driver) published a paper in the journal Nature detailing how tiny snippets of RNA fool the cell into destroying the gene's messenger RNA (mRNA) before it can produce a protein- effectively shutting specific genes down. --EOI-- In 2006, Professor Mello and Andrew Z. Fire were awarded the Nobel Prize for work that began in 1998, when Mello and Fire along with their colleagues (SiQun Xu, Mary Montgomery, Stephen Kostas, and Sam Driver) published research work in the journal "Nature ". The research was about tiny pieces of RNA causing the cell into destroy the genes Messenger RNA (mRNA) before it can produce a protein- stopping certain genes from working. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Above 70Â C, sodium bicarbonate gradually decomposes into sodium carbonate, water and carbon dioxide. --EOI-- When sodium bicarbonate is heated, it releases carbon dioxide and water vapor (gas) and turns into sodium carbonate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The connection between the end of the small intestine (ileum) and the start of the colon (cecum) is now clearly understood, but the name has not changed. --EOI-- The cecum is a part of the large intestine. It is comes before the colon and after the ileum in the gastrointestinal system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another use for aqueducts is to supply large cities with drinking water. Some of the Roman aqueducts still supply water to Rome today. --EOI-- Aqueducts have been used since ancient times. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The reading dome's original skylights were modified and covered in copper sheets in 1959 due to water leakage. --EOI-- The reading dome's original high windows were changed and covered in copper sheets in 1959 because water was getting into the building. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Orthopox: smallpox virus (variola), vaccinia virus, cowpox virus, monkeypox virus; Parapox: orf virus, pseudocowpox, bovine papular stomatitis virus; Yatapox: tanapox virus, yaba monkey tumor virus; Molluscipox: molluscum contagiosum virus (MCV). --EOI-- Orthopox: variola virus, vaccinia virus, cowpox virus, monkeypox virus, smallpox (eradicated); Parapox: orf virus, pseudocowpox, bovine papular stomatitis virus; Yatapox: tanapox virus, yaba monkey tumor virus; Molluscipox: molluscum contagiosum virus (MCV). --separator-- --simplificataion-- He is a nine-time All-Star, four-time All-NBA team selection and also led Boston to the NBA Finals in 2008, and 2010, winning the 2008 NBA Finals. He was named the 2008 NBA Finals MVP in his first trip to the NBA Finals. --EOI-- He was the Most Valuable Player of the 2008 NBA Finals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When it eventually does catch up, Cruithne will make a series of annual close approaches to the Earth and gravitationally exchange orbital energy with Earth; this will alter Cruithne's orbit by a little over half a million kilometres (whilst Earth's orbit is altered by about 1.3 c) so that its period of revolution around the Sun will then become slightly more than a year. --EOI-- When it eventually does catch up, Cruithne will make a series of annual close approaches to the Earth and gravitationally exchange orbital energy with Earth; this will alter Cruithne's orbit by a little over half a million kilometres so that its period of revolution around the Sun will then become slightly more than a year. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The original sundae consists of vanilla ice cream topped with a flavored sauce or syrup, whipped cream, and a maraschino cherry. --EOI-- The sundae is an ice cream dessert. It typically consists of a scoop of ice cream topped with sauce or syrup, and in some cases other toppings including chopped nuts, sprinkles, whipped cream, or maraschino cherries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Treponema pallidum is a species of spirochaete bacterium with subspecies that cause treponemal diseases such as syphilis, bejel, pinta and yaws. --EOI-- Treponema pallidum is a species of spirochaete bacterium with subspecies that cause treponemal diseases such as syphilis, bejel, pinta and yaws. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is not seen on a Gram stained smear because the organism has a waxy coat around it that does not accept the Gram stain. --EOI-- It is not seen on a Gram stained smear because the organism is too thin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sporangia, also known as sporanges (sing., sporange), can produce spores by mitosis, but in nearly all land plants and many fungi, sporangia are the site of meiosis and produce genetically unique haploid spores. --EOI-- Sporangia can produce asexual spores by mitosis, but in nearly all land plants and many fungi, sporangia are the site of meiosis, and produce genetically unique haploid spores. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Two former members died within a few years of each other in the early 2000s; Joe Nanini died of a brain hemorrhage on December 4, 2000, and Marc Moreland died of kidney and liver failure on March 13, 2002. --EOI-- Guitarist Marc Moreland died of kidney and liver failure on March 13, 2002. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fungi, bacteria and plants also have the cell wall which provides a mechanical support for the cell and precludes passage of the larger molecules. --EOI-- Bacteria, fungi and plants have cell walls as well, which support the cell and block the passage of large molecules. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cell membrane surrounds the protoplasm of a cell and, in animal cells, physically separates the intracellular components from the extracellular environment. --EOI-- In all cells, the cell membrane separates the protoplasm inside the cell from its surroundings. In animal cells, that is all there is. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the undercard, Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane, The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter, and Maryse and Gail Kim competed against Team Lay-Cool (Layla and Michelle McCool) in an interbrand Divas tag team match. --EOI-- On the undercard, Drew McIntyre defended the WWE Intercontinental Championship against Kane, The Miz defended the WWE United States Championship against Montel Vontavious Porter, and Maryse and Gail Kim wrestled against Team Lay-Cool (Layla and Michelle McCool) in a tag team match. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because carbon dioxide is released at a faster rate through the acid-base reaction than through fermentation, breads made by chemical leavening are called quick breads. --EOI-- Because carbon dioxide is made faster by baking powder than yeast, breads made with it are called quick breads. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Baking powder works by releasing carbon dioxide gas into a batter or dough through an acid-base reaction, causing bubbles in the wet mixture to expand and thus leavening the mixture. --EOI-- Baking powder works by making a reaction between an acid and a base, which produces carbon dioxide bubbles to make the mixture light. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most commercially-available baking powders are made up of an alkaline component (typically baking soda, also known as sodium bicarbonate), one or more acid salts, and an inert starch (cornstarch in most cases, though potato starch may also be used). --EOI-- Most baking powders are made up of an alkaline (usually baking soda), one or two acid salts, and a starch (cornstarch or sometimes potato starch). --separator-- --simplificataion-- An Italian volcanological mission analyzed gas samples from fumaroles along the Arenas crater floor and proved them to be a mixture of carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide, indicating a direct release of magma into the surface environment. --EOI-- An Italian volcanological mission analyzed gas samples from the fumaroles along the Arenas crater floor and proved them to be a mixture of carbon dioxide and sulfur dioxide, indicating a direct magmatic release into surface environment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Her father was the ruler of a city called either under his name, as "Tantalis " or "the city of Tantalus ", or as "Sipylus ", in reference to Mount Sipylus at the foot of which his city was located and whose ruins were reported to be still visible in the beginning of the 1st century AD, although few traces remain today. Her father is referred to as "Phrygian " and sometimes even as "King of Phrygia ", although his city was located in the western extremity of Anatolia where Lydia was to emerge as a state before the beginning of the first millennium BC, and not in the traditional heartland of Phrygia, situated more inland. --EOI-- The city has the same name than the mountain on which it was founded (Mount Sipylus) and of which few traces remain, and not in the traditional heartland of Phrygia lying more inland and centered around Gordion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cartridges intended only for Game Boy Color (and not for the original Game Boy) lack the "notch " for the locking mechanism present in the top of the original cartridges, preventing operation on an original Game Boy (the cartridge can be inserted, but the power switch can not be moved to the "on " position). Even if this is bypassed by using a Game Boy Pocket, Game Boy Light, or Super Game Boy, the game will not run, and an image on the screen will inform the user that the game is only compatible with Game Boy Color systems. --EOI-- To play games, there were small objects called cartridges that you put into the Game Boy to play the game in the cartridge. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was awarded the shared Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1974, together with Albert Claude and George E. Palade, for describing the structure and function of organelles (lysosomes and peroxisomes) in biological cells. --EOI-- Duve won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1974 for describing the structure and function of lysosomes and peroxisomes in the cell. Duve shared the Nobel prize with Albert Claude and George E. Palade. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While wealthier nations sometimes fund their own aid projects, including those for diseases, and although IDA is the recipient of criticism, Robert B. Zoellick, the president of the World Bank, said when the gifts were announced on December 15, 2007, that IDA money "is the core funding that the poorest developing countries rely on ". --EOI-- While richer nations sometimes pay for their own aid projects, Robert B. Zoellick, the president of the World Bank, said when the gifts were announced on December 15, 2007, that World Bank money "is the core funding that the poorest developing countries rely on ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Environmentalists are urging the Bank to stop worldwide support for the development of coal plants and other large emitters of greenhouse gas and operations that are proven to pollute or damage the environment. --EOI-- Environmentalists are asking the Bank to stop worldwide support for coal plants and other things that pollute the environment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In a January 8, 2008 entry on her TeamAyu blog, Hamasaki announced that an inoperable condition, possibly tinnitus or MÃ niÃ re's disease, had caused complete deafness in her left ear. --EOI-- In 2008, Hamasaki revealed that she had become deaf in her left ear. This was because of tinnitus or MÃ niÃ re's disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They rasp at the flesh using their radula, a rough tongue-like organ that has thousands of tiny denticles (tooth-like protrusions). --EOI-- They eat using a radula, a rough tongue-like organ that has thousands of tiny denticles (tooth-like protrusions). --separator-- --simplificataion-- A polyamide is a polymer containing monomers of amides joined by peptide bonds. --EOI-- A polyamide is a polymer made of amides which are joined by peptide bonds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They can occur both naturally and artificially, examples being proteins, such as wool and silk, and can be made artificially through step-growth polymerization or solid-phase synthesis, examples being nylons, aramids, and sodium poly (aspartate). --EOI-- Examples for artificially-made polyamides are nylons, aramids and Sodium poly (aspartate). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Frederick Akbar Mahomed (d. 1884), who worked at Guy's Hospital in London, made substantial contributions to the process of clinical trials during his detailed clinical studies, where "he separated chronic nephritis with secondary hypertension from what we now term essential hypertension. " --EOI-- Frederick Akbar Mahomed (d. 1884), who worked at Guy's Hospital in London, made substantial contributions to the process of clinical trials during his detailed clinical studies, where "he separated chronic nephritis with secondary hypertension from what we now term essential hypertension. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- In The Canon of Medicine in 1025 AD, he laid down rules for the experimental use and testing of drugs and wrote a precise guide for practical experimentation in the process of discovering and proving the effectiveness of medical drugs and substances. --EOI-- Clinical trials were first introduced in Avicenna's The Canon of Medicine in 1025 AD, where he laid down rules for the experimental use and testing of drugs. He wrote a precise guide for practical experimentation in the process of discovering and proving the effectiveness of medical drugs and substances. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He compared the effects of various different acidic substances, ranging from vinegar to cider, on groups of afflicted sailors, and found that the group who were given oranges and lemons had largely recovered from scurvy after 6 days. --EOI-- He compared the effects of various different acidic substances, ranging from vinegar to cider, on groups of afflicted sailors, and found that the group who were given oranges and lemons had largely recovered from scurvy after 6 days. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While some recipes do not call for coconut flavor in the cake itself, there are others that replace the milk with coconut milk and\/or use coconut extract. --EOI-- The coconut flavor comes from the coconut cream between the layers of the cake. Coconut cream is made from the liquid that is on the surface of coconut milk. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Wind power is the conversion of wind energy into a useful form of energy, such as using wind turbines to make electricity, wind mills for mechanical power, wind pumps for pumping water or drainage, or sails to propel ships. --EOI-- Wind power is the conversion of the energy in wind into a more useful form of energy, like electricity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Brown died in Warrenton, Virginia on August 15, 2002 of lower motor neuron syndrome-- being diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, commonly known as Lou Gehrig's Disease, since 1999. --EOI-- Brown died in Warrenton, Virginia on August 15, 2002 of lower motor neuron syndrome-- being diagnosed with Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, commonly known as Lou Gehrig's Disease, since 1999. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Variations feature tendon, tripe, meatballs, chicken leg, chicken breast, or other chicken organs. --EOI-- It has white rice noodles in beef broth with thin cuts of beef, vegetable, and spice such as chili, chili sauce... Sometimes, tendon, tripe, meatballs, chicken leg, chicken breast, or other chicken organs (heart, liver, etc.) are also available. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "avec du bon beurre frais, un peu de vinaigre, sel et muscade, et un jaune dâÅ "uf pour lier la sauce " ( "with good fresh butter, a little vinegar, salt, and nutmeg, and an egg yolk to bind the sauce "). --EOI--  "avec du bon beurre frais, un peu de vinaigre, sel et muscade, et un jaune dâÅ "uf pour lier la sauce " ( "with good fresh butter, a little vinegar, salt, and nutmeg, and an egg yolk to bind the sauce "). --separator-- --simplificataion-- This colourless solid is prepared by the reaction of selenium with a solution of sodium in ammonia. --EOI-- It is made by reacting selenium with a solution of sodium in liquid ammonia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Specifically, an allergic response may be triggered in people sensitive to the growth medium, usually corn, soy, or wheat. For example, residual wheat gluten has been detected on xanthan gum made using wheat. --EOI-- Some types of xanthan gum are made with wheat, corn or soy and could cause allergic reactions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Xanthan gum may be derived from a variety of source products that are themselves common allergens, such as corn, wheat, dairy, or soy. --EOI-- Coeliac disease sufferers and other people who are sensitive to gluten and other allergens may need to be careful how much xanthan gum is in their food. Some types of xanthan gum are made with wheat, corn or soy and could cause allergic reactions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These fluids serve to carry the solids cut by the drilling bit back to the surface. --EOI-- This thick fluid helps carry solids cut by the drill bit up to the surface of the earth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is produced by fermentation of glucose, sucrose, or lactose by the Xanthomonas campestris bacterium. --EOI-- To make xanthan gum, workers deliberately add a kind of bacterium, Xanthomonas campestris, to glucose or sucrose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It helps to prevent oil separation by stabilizing the emulsion, although it is not an emulsifier. --EOI-- Even though xanthan gum is not an emulsifier, it helps to keep an emulsion stable so that the oil in it does not separate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the oil industry, xanthan gum is used in large quantities, usually to thicken drilling mud. --EOI-- Oil drillers use a lot of xanthan gum to make drilling mud thicker. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As such, persons with known sensitivities or allergies to food products are advised to avoid foods including generic xanthan gum or first determine the source for the xanthan gum before consuming the food. --EOI-- Xanthan gum also helps to keep spices and other solid bits of food evenly distributed in a liquid. Xanthan gum, guar gum and locust bean gum help to give ice cream and other frozen foods a creamy texture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum, where it serves as a binder to keep the product uniform. --EOI-- Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum to give the toothpaste a smooth texture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mycobacterium leprae, the causative agent of leprosy, was discovered by G. H. Armauer Hansen in Norway in 1873, making it the first bacterium to be identified as causing disease in humans. --EOI-- Today, it is mostly referred to as Hansen's disease, named after the person who discovered the bacterium, Gerhard Armauer Hansen. It is caused by a bacterium, Mycobacterium leprae. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term may describe eczema, which is also called dermatitis eczema and eczematous dermatitis. An eczema diagnosis often implies atopic dermatitis (childhood eczema) but, without proper context, means nothing more than "a rash ". --EOI-- It most often refers to eczema. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During meiosis, there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome. --EOI-- During meiosis, there are two chromosome separation steps which assure that each of the four daughter cells gets one copy of each of the 23 types of chromosome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Prokaryotic cells such as bacterial cells reproduce by binary fission, a process that includes DNA replication, chromosome segregation, and cytokinesis. --EOI-- Prokaryotic cells such as bacterial cells reproduce by binary fission, a process that includes DNA replication, chromosome segregation, and cytokinesis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eukaryotic cell division either involves mitosis or a more complex process called meiosis. --EOI-- Eukaryotic cell reproduction either involves mitosis or a more complex process called meiosis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Though cell reproduction that uses mitosis can not reproduce eukaryotic cells, eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage. --EOI-- Cell reproduction that uses mitosis can reproduce eukaryotic cells. Eukaryotes bother with the more complicated process of meiosis because sexual reproduction such as meiosis confers a selective advantage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He trained himself to accept these abstinences in order to endure the most appalling fatigues, hunger, thirst, and wounds, so that when scouting or traveling where there was no water, he might still be able to exist. --EOI-- He trained himself to accept these abstinences to help him overcome hunger, thirst, and exhaustion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He and his associate John Hayes Hammond led novel game expeditions to Africa with the goal of finding large animals such as Giant Eland, hippopotamus, zebra, and various bird species that might be bred in the United States and become game for future American sportsmen. --EOI-- He and John Hayes Hammond left for Africa to bring back to the United States large animals such as Giant Eland, hippopotamus, zebra, and various bird species for breeding for future hunting. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Today, modern kimchi refrigerators offering precise temperature controls are used to store kimjang kimchi. November and December are traditionally when people begin to make kimchi; women often gather together in each others' homes to help with winter kimchi preparations. --EOI-- The kimchi is allowed to ferment for a period of time, usually outdoors in a large kimchi pot. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The IAEA now operates a safeguards system as specified under Article III of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) of 1968, which aims to ensure that civil stocks of uranium, plutonium, as well as facilities and technologies associated with these nuclear materials, are used only for peaceful purposes and do not contribute in any way to proliferation or nuclear weapons programs. It is often argued that proliferation of nuclear weapons to many other states has been prevented by the extension of assurances and mutual defense treaties to these states by nuclear powers, but other factors, such as national prestige, or specific historical experiences, also play a part in hastening or stopping nuclear proliferation. --EOI-- Nuclear proliferation is when a country starts making nuclear objects. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The City of Portland, Oregon, uses a more complex formula to determine when to open shelters; factors include wet or dry conditions, the night's predicted low, the three-day trend of lows, sustained wind speed, and whether snow is on the ground or predicted to fall. --EOI-- The City of Portland, Oregon, uses a more complicated formula to determine when to open centers; wet or dry conditions, the night's predicted low, the three-day trend, wind, and whether snowfall. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a central element it shows a golden aquila holding a cross in its beak and a mace and a sword in its claws. --EOI-- It displays a golden aquila that is holding a cross in its beak. It also shows a mace and a sword in its claws. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This refers to the articulation of the mandibles, which has a single condyle, where all higher insects have two. --EOI-- This refers to the articulation of the mandibles, which has a single condyle, where all higher insects have two. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tidal interactions have also meant that Triton's orbit, already close to Neptune, is slowly decaying further, and predictions are that some 3.6 billion years from now, Triton will pass within Neptune's Roche limit. This will result in either a collision with Neptune's atmosphere or the breakup of Triton, forming a ring system similar to that found around Saturn. --EOI-- In about one billion years, Triton is calculated that it will either collide into Neptune's atmosphere, or break up into ring systems similar to those patterns of Saturn's. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This region remained around the trunk as a rigid layer that did not flake off like that of most modern trees. --EOI-- This region remained around the trunk as a rigid layer that did not flake off like that of most modern trees. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The scars, or leaf cushions, were composed of green photosynthetic tissue, evidenced by the cuticle covering and being dotted with stomata, microscopic pores through which carbon dioxide from the air diffuses into plants. --EOI-- The scars, or leaf cushions, were composed of green photosynthetic tissue, evidenced by the cuticle covering and being dotted with stomata, microscopic pores through which carbon dioxide from the air diffuses into plants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Today potassium carbonate is prepared commercially by the electrolysis of potassium chloride. The resulting potassium hydroxide is then carbonated using carbon dioxide to form potassium carbonate, which is often used to produce other. --EOI-- It is made of potassium and carbonate ions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In some countries, staple foods such as milk, flour and margarine are artificially fortified with vitamin D, and it is also available as a supplement in pill form. Food sources such as fatty fish, eggs, and meat are rich in vitamin D and are often recommended for consumption to those suffering vitamin D deficiency. --EOI-- Vitamin D is a fat-soluble vitamin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The phylum Bacteroidetes is composed of three large classes of bacteria that are widely distributed in the environment, including in soil, in sediments, sea water and in the guts and on the skin of animals. --EOI-- The phylum Bacteroidetes is composed of three large classes of bacteria that are widely distributed in the environment, including in soil, in sediments, sea water and in the guts and on the skin of animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The halogens or halogen elements are a series of nonmetal elements from Group 17 IUPAC Style (formerly: VII, VIIA) of the periodic table, comprising fluorine (F), chlorine (Cl), bromine (Br), iodine (I), and astatine (At). --EOI-- The halogens are chemical elements under the second-to-right column in the periodic table, also known as Group 17. The elements in the group are fluorine, chlorine, bromine, iodine, astatine, and ununseptium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Joey Ramone (born Jeffry Ross Hyman; May 19, 1951â "April 15, 2001) was a vocalist and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist in the punk rock band the Ramones. Joey Ramone's image, voice and tenure as frontman of the Ramones made him a countercultural icon. --EOI-- Joey Ramone (b. Jeffery Hyman (May 19, 1951- April 15, 2001) was an American punk musician and founder member of The Ramones, in which he was lead singer, along with Dee Dee, Tommey and Johnny Ramone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ceramic forming techniques include shaping by hand (sometimes including a rotation process called "throwing "), slip casting, tape casting (used for making very thin ceramic capacitors, etc.), injection molding, dry pressing, and other variations. --EOI-- Ceramic forming techniques include shaping by hand (sometimes including a rotation process called "throwing "), slip casting, tape casting (used for making very thin ceramic capacitors, etc.), injection molding, dry pressing, and other variations. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Therefore, cell division in the meristem is required to provide new cells for expansion and differentiation of tissues and initiation of new organs, providing the basic structure of the plant body. --EOI-- Therefore, cell division in the meristem is necessary to get new cells for expansion and differentiation of tissues and to create new organs, that are necessary for the basic structure of the plant body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Meristematic cells are analogous in function to stem cells in animals, are incompletely or not at all differentiated, and are capable of continued cellular division (youthful). --EOI-- Meristematic cells have the same function for plants as stem cells have for animals. They are incompletely or not at all differentiated, and are capable of continued cellular division (youthful). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Maintenance of the cells requires a balance between two antagonistic processes: organ initiation and stem cell population renewal. --EOI-- Maintenance of the cells needs a balance between two antagonistic processes: organ initiation and stem cell population renewal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cryosphere (from the Greek cryos "cold ", "frost " or "ice ") is the term which collectively describes the portions of the Earthâ s surface where water is in solid form, including sea ice, lake ice, river ice, snow cover, glaciers, ice caps and ice sheets, and frozen ground (which includes permafrost). --EOI-- The cryosphere is the part of the Earthâ s surface where water is in solid form, including sea ice, lake ice, river ice, snow cover, glaciers, ice caps and ice sheets, and frozen ground (which includes permafrost). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The dorsal and anal fins are divided into anterior spiny and posterior soft-rayed portions, which may be partially or completely separated. --EOI-- The dorsal and anal fins are divided into front spiny and back soft-rayed portions, which may be partially or completely separated. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The pelvic fins usually have one spine and up to five soft rays, positioned unusually far forward under the chin or under the belly. --EOI-- The pelvic fins usually have one spine and up to five soft rays, positioned unusually far forward under the chin or under the belly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lactase is essential for digestive hydrolysis of lactose in milk. Deficiency of the enzyme causes lactose intolerance. --EOI-- Lactase is an enzyme which acts on lactose, digesting it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- She passes over a skunk, a siamese cat, and a cat with an eye infection before finally deciding upon Snowball III. He drowns trying to catch a goldfish in an aquarium while Lisa is preparing his cat food in the kitchen for the first time. --EOI-- The third version of Snowball was a male cat named Snowball III and was killed when he drowned after he tried to catch a goldfish in the aquarium while Lisa was in the kitchen preparing his cat food for the first time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Recent cladistic analyses suggest that Confuciusornis is the most primitive pygostylian bird; it has a more primitive skull than Archaeopteryx, but it is the first known bird to have lost the long tail of Archaeopteryx and develop fused tail vertebrae (a pygostyle). --EOI-- It is also the first known bird to have lost the long tail of Archaeopteryx and develop fused tail vertebrae (a pygostyle). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The proportions of the toes suggest that they were used for both walking and perching, while the large claws of the thumb and third finger were probably used for climbing. --EOI-- The proportions of the toes suggest that they were used for both walking and perching, while the large claws of the thumb and third finger were probably used for climbing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is produced with high efficiency by reducing sodium chlorate in a strong acid solution with a suitable reducing agent such as methanol, hydrogen peroxide, hydrochloric acid or sulfur dioxide. --EOI-- There are some reducing agents (chemicals that reduce another chemical) that can be used. Methanol (an alcohol), sulfur dioxide (a gas made by burning sulfur), hydrochloric acid (a common acid), or hydrogen peroxide can be used. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Traditionally, chlorine dioxide for disinfection applications has been made by one of three methods using sodium chlorite or the sodium chlorite- hypochlorite method: --EOI-- Sodium chlorite can react with a mixture of sodium hypochlorite and hydrochloric acid to make chlorine dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A much smaller but important market for chlorine dioxide is for use as a disinfectant. Since 1999 a growing proportion of the chlorine dioxide made globally for water treatment and other small scale applications has been made using the chlorate, hydrogen peroxide and sulfuric acid method which can produce a chlorine free product at high efficiency. --EOI-- There are even more ways to make chlorine dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- All three sodium chlorite chemistries can produce chlorine dioxide with high chlorite conversion yield, but unlike the other processes the chlorite-HCl method produces completely chlorine free chlorine dioxide but suffers from the requirement of 25% more chlorite to produce an equivalent amount of chlorine dioxide. --EOI-- Sodium chlorite reacts with hydrochloric acid to make chlorine dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pain can be classed according to its location in the body, as in headache, low back pain and pelvic pain; or according to the body system involved, such as myofascial pain (emanating from skeletal muscles or the fibrous sheath surrounding them), rheumatic pain (emanating from the joints and surrounding tissue), neuropathic pain (caused by damage or illness affecting the somatosensory system), or vascular (pain from blood vessels). --EOI-- Pain can happen just because the nerves do not work right. This is called neuropathic pain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Masonry is the building of structures from individual units laid in and bound together by mortar; the term masonry can also refer to the units themselves. The common materials of masonry construction are brick, stone, marble, granite, travertine, limestone; concrete block, glass block, stucco, and tile. --EOI-- Brick is the most common type of masonry. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The common materials of masonry construction are brick, stone, marble, granite, travertine, limestone; concrete block, glass block, stucco, and tile. --EOI-- The common materials of masonry construction are brick, stone such as marble, granite, travertine, limestone; concrete block, glass block, and tile. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The specific name means "full below the throat " and refers to the male having an enlargement of the neck and throat during the mating season. --EOI-- The specific name means "full below the throat " and refers to the male having an enlargement of the neck and throat during the mating season. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defense. --EOI--  "In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district where in the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law... " --separator-- --simplificataion-- No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation. --EOI--  "No person shall be held to answer for any capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of War or public danger... " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tar made from coal or petroleum is considered toxic and carcinogenic because of its high benzene content, though coal tar in low concentrations is used as a topical medicine. --EOI-- It causes cancer because of its high benzene content. In low concentrations, however, coal tar is used as a topical medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sal Cinquemani of Slant magazine wrote, Perry's "lead single' I Kissed a Girl' features a throbbing beat and an infectious, bi-curious hook, but its self-satisfied, in-your-face posturing rings phony in comparison to the expertly constructed ambiguities of` Justify My Love' or practically anything in the first decade of Ani DiFranco's catalog; it's like a tween version of DiFranco's tortured bisexual confession` Light of Some Kind' ". --EOI-- Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine wrote, Perry's "lead single' I Kissed a Girl' features a throbbing beat and an infectious, bi-curious hook, but its self-satisfied, in-your-face posturing rings phony in comparison to the expertly constructed ambiguities of` Justify My Love' or practically anything in the first decade of Ani DiFranco's catalogue; it's like a tween version of DiFranco's tortured bisexual confession` Light of Some Kind.' " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Photosynthesis (foÊ toÊË sÉ nÎÉ sÉ s; from the Greek (photo-), "light, " and (synthesis), "putting together ", "composition ") is a process that converts carbon dioxide into organic compounds, especially sugars, using the energy from sunlight. Photosynthesis occurs in plants, algae, and many species of bacteria, but not in archaea. --EOI-- Photosynthesis is a process that turns carbon dioxide into organic compounds, especially sugars using sunlight. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thallium (I) oxide is the inorganic compound of thallium and oxygen with the formula Tl2O in which thallium is in its+1 oxidation state. It is black and produces a basic yellow solution of thallium (I) hydroxide (TlOH) when dissolved in water. --EOI-- It is made by heating thallium (I) hydroxide or thallium (I) carbonate in air. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Allen Ray Sarven (born July 18, 1963) is an American professional wrestler and actor better known by his ring name of Al Snow. --EOI-- Allen Ray Sarven (born July 18, 1963 in Lima, Ohio) is a American professional wrestler, actor and trainer who is best known for wrestling with WWF\/E and Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the specific context of the Middle East, a variety of factorsâ " including population growth, soil degradation, drought, cast bronze weapon and iron production technologiesâ " could have combined to push the relative price of weaponry (compared to arable land) to a level unsustainable for traditional warrior aristocracies. --EOI-- In the Middle East, a variety of factorsâ " including population growth, soil degradation, drought, cast bronze weapon and iron production technologiesâ " could have combined to push the relative price of weaponry (compared to arable land) to a level unsustainable for traditional warrior aristocracies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lip balm or lip salve is a waxy substance applied topically to the lips of the mouth to relieve chapped or dry lips, angular cheilitis, stomatitis, or cold sores. --EOI-- Lip balm is often used during the winter, because the cold winter winds can dry out a person's lips so that they are cracked and hurting (this is called having "chapped " lips). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Renal medullary carcinoma has been termed "the seventh sickle cell nephropathy " because it is found almost exclusively in individuals with sickle cell trait or occasionally in those with sickle cell disease. --EOI-- Renal medullary carcinoma is a rare form of Renal cancer that occurs most often in patients with Sickle cell trait or Sickle cell disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first is the polypoid stage, when the animal takes the form of a small stalk with feeding tentacles; this polyp may be sessile, living on the bottom or on similar substrata such as floats or boat-bottoms, or it may be free-floating or attached to tiny bits of free-living plankton or rarely, fish or other invertebrates. --EOI-- The first is the polypoid stage, when the animal takes the form of a small stalk with feeding tentacles; this polyp may be unable to move around, living on the bottom of the ocean or it may be free-floating. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like the land plants (bryophytes and tracheophytes), green algae contain chlorophylls a and b, and store food as starch in their plastids. --EOI-- Like the land plants, green algae contain chlorophylls a and b, and store food as starch in their plastids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since the brain does not function, the hormone levels and blood pressure must be regulated by doctors to keep the organs alive. --EOI-- Since the brain does not work, the hormone levels and blood pressure must be controlled by doctors to keep the organs alive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Organs from brain deaths, however, have a better success rate, and currently most organ donation is from these deaths. --EOI-- Organs from brain deaths, however, have a better success rate, and currently most organ donation is from these deaths. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition, measures must be taken to prevent infection and maintain normal tissue oxygenation. --EOI-- Measures must be taken to prevent infection and maintain normal tissue oxygenation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A beating heart cadaver is kept "alive " in order to keep its organs from decaying before they can be transplanted. --EOI-- A beating heart cadaver is kept alive in order to keep it's organs from decaying before they can be transplanted. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The bodies are generally those of organ donors, who have agreed beforehand to donate their organs. --EOI-- The bodies are generally organ donors, who have agreed beforehand to donate their organs. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Epidemiological studies suggest that more than 500,000 Americans die each year from cardiopulmonary disease linked to breathing fine particle air pollution... " A study by the University of Birmingham has shown a strong correlation between pneumonia related deaths and air pollution from motor vehicles. --EOI-- Studies from the University of Birmingham showed that deaths because of pneumonia and air pollution from motor vehicles like cars are related. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On August 5, 1772, the occupation manifesto was issued, much to the consternation of a country too exhausted by the endeavors of the Confederation of Bar to offer successful resistance; nonetheless several battles and sieges took place, as Polish troops refused to lay down their arms (most notably, in Tyniec, CzÄ stochowa and KrakÃ w). --EOI-- On August 5, 1772, the occupation manifesto was issued; much to the consternation of a country too exhausted by the endeavors of the Confederation of Bar to offer further resistance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first power plants were run on water power or coal, and today we rely mainly on coal, nuclear, natural gas, hydroelectric, and petroleum with a small amount from solar energy, tidal harnesses, wind generators, and geothermal sources. --EOI-- Different sources of energy have been used to run generators, including coal, nuclear, natural gas, hydroelectric, and petroleum power and a small amount from solar energy, tidal harnesses, wind generators, and geothermal sources. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The hurricane broke a three month drought, but caused heavy crop damage in the process. --EOI-- The hurricane broke a three month drought, but caused heavy crop damage in the process. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words "4REAL " into his arm with a razor blade (narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches) in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic. --EOI-- Enigmatic lyricist Richey Edwards gained early notoriety by carving the words "4 REAL " into his arm with a razor blade (narrowly missing an artery and requiring seventeen stitches) in response to the suggestion that the band were less than authentic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptoms of pulmonary embolism include difficulty breathing, chest pain on inspiration, and palpitations. --EOI-- A pulmonary embolism causes sudden shortness of breath, rapid breathing, chest pain, coughing up blood and sexual dysfunction. People who suffered from pulmonary embolism are more likely to suffer from premature ejaculation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, the sympathetic nervous system can accelerate heart rate; widen bronchial passages; decrease motility (movement) of the large intestine; constrict blood vessels; increase peristalsis in the esophagus; cause pupillary dilation, piloerection (goose bumps) and perspiration (sweating); and raise blood pressure. --EOI-- The sympathetic nervous system can increase heart rate; make bronchial passages wider; decrease motility (movement) of the large intestine; make blood vessels narrower; increase peristalsis in the esophagus; cause pupil dilation, piloerection (goose bumps) and perspiration (sweating); and raise blood pressure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In The Tomb of the Cybermen (1967), veins and brains were visible through the domed head of the Cyberman Controller and similarly, in Attack of the Cybermen (1985) and "The Age of Steel " (2006), the Cyber-Controller's brain is visible through the dome. --EOI-- In The Tomb of the Cybermen (1967), veins were visible through the circular head of the Cyberman Controller and in Attack of the Cybermen (1985) and "The Age of Steel " (2006), the Cyber-Controller's brain is visible through the dome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In their first appearance in the series, the only portions of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands; by their next appearance in The Moonbase (1967), their bodies were entirely covered up in their metallic suits, with their hands replaced by two finger claws, but they changed back to regular five-fingered hands in The Invasion (1968). --EOI-- In their first appearance in the series, the only portions of their bodies that still seemed human were their hands, but by their next appearance in The Moonbase (1967), their bodies were entirely covered up in their metal suits, with their hands replaced by two finger claws, but changed back to regular five finger hands in The Invasion (1968). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In an effect reminiscent of the earliest Cybermen's mouths snapping open while speaking, the new Cybermen have a blue light in their "mouths " (or "teeth ") which blinks in synchronisation with their speech. --EOI-- The new Cybermen have a blue light in their "mouths " which blinks in synchronisation with their speech. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The dead bodies of vertebrate animals, insects and humans are somet imes called carcasses. --EOI-- The dead bodies of vertebrate animals and insects are sometimes called carcasses. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most often aluminium adjuvants are used, but adjuvants like squalene are also used in some vaccines and more vaccines with squalene and phosphate adjuvants are being tested. --EOI-- They include aluminium adjuvants, squalene, squalene and phosphate adjuvants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thiomersal is more effective against bacteria, has better shelf life, and improves vaccine stability, potency, and safety, but in the U.S., the European Union, and a few other affluent countries, it is no longer used as a preservative in childhood vaccines, as a precautionary measure due to its mercury content. --EOI-- Thiomersal is more effective against bacteria, has better shelf life, and improves vaccine stability, potency, and safety, but in the U.S., the European Union, and a few other rich countries, it is no longer used as a preservative in childhood vaccines, as a precautionary measure due to its mercury content. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the virulent version of an agent comes along the body recognizes the protein coat on the virus, and thus is prepared to respond, by (1) neutralizing the target agent before it can enter cells, and (2) by recognizing and destroying infected cells before that agent can multiply to vast numbers. --EOI-- When the virulent version of an agent comes along the body recognizes the protein coat on the virus, and thus is prepared to respond, by (1) neutralizing the target agent before it can enter cells, and (2) by recognizing and destroying infected cells before that agent can multiply to vast numbers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oral vaccines are likely to be solid which have proven to be more stable and less likely to freeze; this stability reduces the need for a "cold chain ": the resources required to keep vaccines within a restricted temperature range from the manufacturing stage to the point of administration, which, in turn, will decrease costs of vaccines. --EOI-- Solid oral vaccines have proven to be more stable and less likely to freeze; this stability reduces the need for a "cold chain ": the resources required to keep vaccines within a restricted temperature range from the manufacturing stage to the point of administration, which, in turn, will decrease costs of vaccines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This may be due to a lowered immunity in general (diabetes, steroid use, HIV infection, age) or because the host's immune system does not have a B cell capable of generating antibodies to that antigen. --EOI-- This may be due to a lowered immunity in general (diabetes, steroid use, HIV infection, age) or because the host's immune system does not have a B cell capable of generating antibodies to that antigen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When two or more vaccines are mixed together in the same formulation, the two vaccines can interfere. This most frequently occurs with live attenuated vaccines, where one of the vaccine components is more robust than the others and suppresses the growth and immune response to the other components. --EOI-- When two or more vaccines are mixed together in the same formulation, they can interfere as in live attenuated vaccines, where one of the vaccine components is more robust than the others and suppresses the growth and immune response to the other components. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Recombination technology that produces genetically detoxified vaccine is expected to grow in popularity for the production of bacterial vaccines that use toxoids. --EOI-- Recombination technology that produces genetically detoxified vaccine is expected to grow in popularity for the production of bacterial vaccines that use toxoids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While most vaccines are created using inactivated or attenuated compounds from micro-organisms, synthetic vaccines are composed mainly or wholly of synthetic peptides, carbohydrates or antigens. --EOI-- While the majority of vaccines are dead, inactivated or attenuated organisms, purified products derived from them, some vaccines are synthetic vaccines. The latter are composed mainly or wholly of synthetic peptides, carbohydrates or antigens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other canine vaccines include canine distemper, canine parvovirus, infectious canine hepatitis, adenovirus-2, leptospirosis, bordatella, canine parainfluenza virus, and Lyme disease among others. --EOI-- Other canine vaccines include canine distemper, canine parvovirus, infectious canine hepatitis, adenovirus-2, leptospirosis, bordatella, canine parainfluenza virus, and Lyme disease among others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In response, concern has been raised that spreading unfounded information about the medical risks of vaccines increases rates of life-threatening infections, not only in the children whose parents refused vaccinations, but also in other children, perhaps too young for vaccines, who could contract infections from unvaccinated carriers (see herd immunity). --EOI-- In response, concern has been raised about the medical risks of vaccines, increased rates of life-threatening infections. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pharmaceutical firms and biotechnology companies have little incentive to develop vaccines for these diseases, because there is little revenue potential. --EOI-- Pharmaceutical firms and biotechnology companies have little incentive to develop vaccines for these diseases, because there is little revenue potential, the financial and other risks are great. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This phenomenon was first noted in the trivalent Sabin polio vaccine, where the amount of serotype 2 virus in the vaccine had to be reduced to stop it from interfering with the "take " of the serotype 1 and 2 viruses in the vaccine. --EOI-- This phenomenon was first noted in the trivalent Sabin polio vaccine, where the amount of serotype 2 virus in the vaccine had to be reduced to stop it from interfering with the "take " of the serotype 1 and 2 viruses in the vaccine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The twentieth century saw the introduction of several successful vaccines, including those against diphtheria, measles, mumps, and rubella. --EOI-- In the 20th century vaccines were introduced against diphtheria, measles, mumps, and rubella. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Principles that govern the immune response can now be used in tailor-made vaccines against many noninfectious human diseases, such as cancers and autoimmune disorders. --EOI-- Principles that govern the immune response can now be used in tailor-made vaccines against many noninfectious human diseases, such as cancers and autoimmune disorders. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Several preservatives are available, including thiomersal, phenoxyethanol, and formaldehyde. --EOI-- Preservatives in vaccines, such as thiomersal, phenoxyethanol, and formaldehyde, prevent serious adverse effects. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although the benefits of preventing suffering and death from serious infectious diseases greatly outweigh the risks of rare adverse effects following immunization, disputes have arisen over the morality, ethics, effectiveness, and safety of vaccination. Some vaccination critics say that vaccines are ineffective against disease or that vaccine safety studies are inadequate. --EOI-- Although the benefits of using vaccines in preventing suffering and death from infectious diseases greatly outweigh the risks of rare adverse effects following administration of vaccines, disputes have arisen over the morality, ethics, effectiveness, safety of using vaccines and their effectiveness or that vaccine safety studies are inadequate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vaccinations of animals are used both to prevent their contracting diseases and to prevent transmission of disease to humans. --EOI-- Vaccinations of animals are used both to prevent their contracting diseases and to prevent transmission of disease to humans. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One challenge in vaccine development is economic: many of the diseases most demanding a vaccine, including HIV, malaria and tuberculosis, exist principally in poor countries. --EOI-- One challenge in vaccine development is economic. The diseases most demanding a vaccine, HIV, malaria and tuberculosis, exist principally in poor countries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has a red iris, long coiled trachea, and blackish bill, mouth and legs. --EOI-- It has a red iris, long coiled trachea, and blackish bill, mouth and legs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In medicine, a central venous catheter ( "central line ", "CVC ", "central venous line " or "central venous access catheter ") is a catheter placed into a large vein in the neck (internal jugular vein or external jugular vein), chest (subclavian vein) or groin (femoral vein). --EOI-- A central venous catheter (CVC) or "central line " is a catheter put in a large vein in the neck, chest, or groin when a patient needs close cardiovascular monitoring, for assessment of fluid status, and so that intravenous drugs and fluids can be given to the patient more effectively. The veins most commonly used are the internal jugular vein, the subclavian vein, and the femoral vein. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At "Journey into Narnia, " guests can see props and set pieces from the "Chronicles of Narnia " movie series (originally distributed by Disney; now handled by 20th Century Fox), as well as meet the namesake of the series' second film, Prince Caspian. --EOI-- At "Journey into Narnia, " guests can see props and set pieces from the Chronicles of Narnia movie series (originally distributed by Disney; now handled by 20th Century Fox), as well as meet Prince Caspian from The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its mouth was full of sharp teeth, and it had a sharp "sickle claw " on each foot. --EOI-- Its mouth was full of sharp teeth, and it had a large "sickle claw " on each foot. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The lack of indium mineral deposits and the fact that indium is enriched in sulfidic lead, tin, copper, iron and predominately in zinc deposits, makes zinc production the main source for indium. The indium is leached from slag and dust of zinc production. --EOI-- Indium looks like zinc. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During meiosis, chromosomes assort randomly into gametes, such that the segregation of alleles of one gene is independent of alleles of another gene. This is stated in Mendel's Second Law and is known as the law of independent assortment. --EOI-- Alleles for genes on different chromosomes are usually not linked, due to independent assortment of chromosomes during meiosis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A linkage map is created by finding the map distances between a number of traits that are present on the same chromosome, ideally avoiding having significant gaps between traits to avoid the inaccuracies that will occur due to the possibility of multiple recombination events. --EOI-- A linkage map is created by finding the map distances between a number of traits that are present on the same chromosome, ideally avoiding significant gaps between traits to avoid the possibility of multiple crossovers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- From the 18th century onwards, there was a renewed interest in castles with the construction of mock castles, part of a romantic revival of Gothic architecture, but they had no military purpose. --EOI-- From the 18th century, people began building castles again from new interest in Gothic architecture, but they were not used for fighting. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A glioma is a type of tumor that starts in the brain or spine. It is called a glioma because it arises from glial cells. --EOI-- A glioma is a type of brain tumor that starts in the glial cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Electrocution is the stopping of life (determined by a stopped heart) by any type of electric shock. In the vernacular, the term electrocution is used to mean: --EOI-- Electrocution or electric shock is when electricity passes through something living. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As such, polyploids played a conservative role in evolution since problems with fertility prevented the acquisition and replication of new genetic material that might lead to a new line of evolution. --EOI-- As such, polyploids played a conservative role in evolution since problems with fertility prevented the replication of new genetic material that might lead to a new line of evolution. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Amaranth is a reddish-rose color that is a representation of the color of the flower of the amaranth plant. The color shown is the color of the red amaranth flower (the color normally considered amaranth), but there are other varieties of amaranth that have other colors of amaranth flowers; these colors are also shown below. --EOI-- Amaranth is a rose-red color that is the color of the flower of the amaranth plant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Coral reefs are underwater structures made from calcium carbonate secreted by corals. --EOI-- A coral reef is a large underwater structure made of dead and living corals. In most healthy reefs, stony corals are predominant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This involves the electrolysis of an aqueous solution of sodium chloride. The sodium hydroxide builds up at the cathode, where water is reduced to hydrogen gas and hydroxide ion: --EOI-- A solution of sodium chloride is electrolyzed and sodium hydroxide is made around the cathode, where water is reduced to hydrogen gas and hydroxide ion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Olives are often soaked in sodium hydroxide to soften them, while pretzels and German lye rolls are glazed with a sodium hydroxide solution before baking to make them crisp. Owing to the difficulty in obtaining food grade sodium hydroxide in small quantities for home use, sodium carbonate is often used in place of sodium hydroxide. --EOI-- The hydrogen is released and the hydroxide bonds with the sodium to make sodium hydroxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Solid sodium hydroxide is obtained from this solution by the evaporation of water. --EOI-- A solution of sodium chloride is electrolyzed and sodium hydroxide is made around the cathode, where water is reduced to hydrogen gas and hydroxide ion. The hydrogen is released and the hydroxide bonds with the sodium to make sodium hydroxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thayil said that "Jason just did n't work out, " and that the band "did n't need to go find someone better than him; we needed to find a kindred spirit that we'd hang out with anyway. " --EOI-- Thayil said that "Jason just did n't work out, " and that the band "did n't need to go find someone better than him; we needed to find a kindred spirit that we'd hang out with anyway. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- The recipe given by Mazur read, "5 kilos of human fat are mixed with 10 liters of water and 500 or 1,000 grams of caustic soda. --EOI-- The recipe given by Mazur read, "5 kilos of human fat are mixed with 10 liters of water and 500 or 1,000 grams of caustic soda. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the Nuremberg Trials, Sigmund Mazur, a laboratory assistant at the Danzig Anatomical Institute, testified that soap had been made from corpse fat at the camp, and claimed that 70 to 80 kg of fat collected from 40 bodies could produce more than 25 kg of soap, and that the finished soap was retained by Professor Rudolf Spanner. --EOI-- During the Nuremberg Trials, Sigmund Mazur, a laboratory worker at the Danzig Anatomical Institute, testimony that soap had been made from the bodies of dead people at the camp, and claimed that 70 to 80 kg of fat collected from 40 bodies could produce more than 25 kg of soap, and that the finished soap was retained by Professor Rudolf Spanner. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A significant human pathogenic bacterium, S. pneumoniae was recognized as a major cause of pneumonia in the late 19th century, and is the subject of many humoral immunity studies. --EOI-- An important human pathogen, S. pneumoniae was recognized as a major cause of pneumonia in the late 19th century and is the subject of many humoral immunity studies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Wesley Earl "Wes " Craven (born August 2, 1939) is an American film director and writer, perhaps best known as the director of many horror films, including the famed A Nightmare on Elm Street and Wes Craven's New Nightmare featuring the iconic Freddy Krueger character, the Scream films alongside The Last House on the Left, The Hills Have Eyes, The Serpent and the Rainbow, The People Under the Stairs, Vampire in Brooklyn, Red Eye and My Soul to Take. --EOI-- Wes Craven was born August 2, 1939 in Cleveland, Ohio. He is an American movie director, well-known for horror film classics including Nightmare on Elm Street and Scream --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the hand with which he carries his stick, often called the "stick hand, " the goaltender wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm, usually extending just beyond the wrist. --EOI-- On the hand with which he carries his stick, often called the "stick hand, " the goaltender wears a blocker with a large pad across the back of the forearm, usually extending just beyond the wrist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- PokÃ mon Pinball has a secondary objective hinted at by the tagline "Gotta Catch'em All, " which is to collect all 151 PokÃ mon to fill your PokÃ dex. The PokÃ dex is saved between individual games, so it can be built up over time. --EOI-- It's a pinball game based on PokÃ mon Red and Blue, and like those games, it requires the player to find and capture all 150 PokÃ mon to fill the PokÃ dex. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A Mardi Gras themed bar, Fat Tuesdays, shut its doors in early 2000 due to indecent exposure and alcohol related offenses, for ignoring warnings from the mall and Bloomington police to not repeat incidents caught on tape the year before. --EOI-- A Mardi Gras themed bar, Fat Tuesdays, shut its doors in early 2000 due to indecent exposure and alcohol related offenses, for ignoring warnings from the mall and Bloomington police to not repeat incidents caught on tape the year before. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Throughout the series' history, there have been several kinds of Mushroom power-ups, including the 1-Up Mushroom, which gives Mario an extra life; the Poison Mushroom, which causes Mario to either shrink or die; the Mega Mushroom, which causes Mario to grow very large; and the Mini Mushroom, which causes Mario to shrink. --EOI-- New Super Mario Bros. introduced other types of Mushroom power-ups, such as the "Mega Mushroom ", which causes Mario to grow to screen-filling proportions and the Mini Mushroom that makes him shrink to a very small size. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Footprints, eggshells, teeth, and fragments of bone representing theropods, sauropods, and ornithopods have been found, but none of them are diagnostic to the genus level. --EOI-- Footprints, eggshells, teeth, and fragments of bone representing theropods, sauropods, and ornithopods have been found, but none of them are diagnostic to the genus level. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Electron transport chains are the cellular mechanisms used for extracting energy from sunlight in photosynthesis and also from redox reactions, such as the oxidation of sugars (respiration). --EOI-- Electron transfer chains (ETC) are the cellular mechanisms used for extracting energy from sunlight in photosynthesis and also from redox reactions, such as the oxidation of sugars in cellular respiration. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ATP synthase, an enzyme highly conserved among all domains of life, is powered by a transmembrane proton electrochemical gradient, which is the result of a series of redox reactions. --EOI-- ATP synthase, an enzyme found among all domains of life, is powered by a transmembrane proton electrochemical gradient, which is the result of a series of redox reactions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1932, soon after the prediction of positrons by Paul Dirac, Carl D. Anderson found that cosmic-ray collisions produced these particles in a cloud chamber-- a particle detector in which moving electrons (or positrons) leave behind trails as they move through the gas. --EOI-- In 1932, soon after the prediction of positrons by Paul Dirac, Carl D. Anderson found that cosmic-ray collisions produced these particles in a cloud chamberâ " a particle detector in which moving electrons (or positrons) leave behind trails as they move through the gas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This was due to the large size of Florence; the overall wind field reached a diameter of 460 miles (745 km), and the radius of maximum winds reached about 110 miles (170 km). --EOI-- This is because of the large size of Florence; the wind field reached 460 miles (745 km) wide with a radius of maximum winds of about 110 miles (170 km). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Belief in the existence of a Terra Australisâ "a vast continent in the far south of the globe to "balance " the northern lands of Europe, Asia and North Africaâ "has existed since the times of Ptolemy (1st century AD), who suggested the idea to preserve the symmetry of all known landmasses in the world. --EOI-- They thought this Terra Australis would "balance " the lands in the north like Europe, Asia and North Africa. People have believed this from the times of Ptolemy (1st century AD). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Glossy-mantled Manucode, Manucodia ater, is a medium-sized, around 42 cm long, glossed green, blue and purple black bird of paradise with a red iris, black bill, long graduated tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers. --EOI-- The Glossy-mantled Manucode (Manucodia ater) is a medium-sized bird of paradise, around 42cm long, glossed green, blue and purple black with a red iris, black bill, long tail and somewhat elongated upper breast and neck feathers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Taking advantage of its opacity to X-rays, the sulfate is used as a radiocontrast agent for X-ray imaging of the digestive system ( "barium meals " and "barium enemas "). Lithopone, a pigment that contains barium sulfate and zinc sulfide, is a permanent white that has good covering power, and does not darken when exposed to sulfides. --EOI-- Barium sulfate can be used as a pigment, too. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico that resulted in ten fatalities; however, a damage estimate is unknown. --EOI-- Boris caused heavy flooding in southern Mexico. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In this sense, the terms disk cache and cache buffer are misnomers; the embedded controller's memory is more appropriately called the disk buffer. --EOI-- Sometimes it is also called cache buffer, or disk cache, but these words should not be used, a disk buffer is not a cache. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The traditional jersey, and traditional guernsey, are dyed a navy blue color, using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil, rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant. --EOI-- The traditional jersey, and traditional guernsey, are dyed a navy blue color, using a dye that does not require stripping the wool of its natural oil, rendering these sweaters surprisingly water resistant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The diagnosis of Dissociative identity disorder is defined by criteria in the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). The DSM-II used the term multiple personality disorder, the DSM-III grouped the diagnosis with the other four major dissociative disorders, and the DSM-IV-TR categorizes it as dissociative identity disorder. --EOI-- Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID) is a medical diagnosis of a mental condition. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Potassium chlorate is a compound containing potassium, chlorine and oxygen atoms, with the molecular formula KClO3. --EOI-- Potassium chlorate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is KClO3. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mercury (I) bromide is prepared by the oxidation of elemental mercury with elemental bromine or by adding sodium bromide to a solution of mercury (I) nitrate. It decomposes to mercury (II) bromide and elemental mercury (when?). --EOI-- It has mercury and bromide ions in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mercury (I) bromide is prepared by the oxidation of elemental mercury with elemental bromine or by adding sodium bromide to a solution of mercury (I) nitrate. --EOI-- It is made by reacting a bromide like potassium bromide or sodium bromide with mercury (I) nitrate. It can also be made by reacting mercury and bromine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Her roles at the Met included Susanna in Nozze di Figaro; Despina in CosÃ fan tutte; The Queen of the Night in The Magic Flute; Amore in Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice; Marzeline in Beethoven's Fidelio; Rosina in Il barbiere di Siviglia; Adina in Elisir d'amore; Norina in Don Pasquale; Oscar in Ballo in maschera; Nanetta in Falstaff; Olympia in Les contes d'Hoffmann; Sophie in Der Rosenkavalier; Zerbinetta in Ariadne auf Naxos; and Adele in Die Fledermaus. She later added lyric-coloratura roles such as Amina in La Sonnambula, Lucia in Lucia di Lammermoor and Gilda in Rigoletto, the last being her farewell role at the Met in 1985. --EOI-- Some of her most performed roles include; Susanna (Le nozze di Figaro), Despina (Cosi fan tutte), The Queen of the Night (The Magic Flute), Rosina (Il barbiere di Siviglia), Adina (L'elisir d'amore), Norina (Don Pasquale), Lucia (Lucia di Lammermoor), Gilda (Rigoletto), Oscar (Un ballo in maschera), Nanetta (Falstaff), Olympia (Les contes d'Hoffman), Sophie (Der Rosenkavalier), Zerbinetta (Ariadne auf Naxos), etc. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Michael Eugene "Mike " Epps (born November 18, 1970) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, film producer, writer, singer, musician, and rapper, best known for playing Day-Day Jones in Next Friday and the sequel-to-the-sequel, Friday After Next, and also starring alongside Ice Cube in All About The Benjamins. He is known as the new voice of Boog in Open Season 2 and Open Season 3. --EOI-- Mike Epps (born 18 November 1970) is an American actor in such movies as Next Friday and Friday After Next alongside Ice Cube and Open Season 2 and Open Season 3. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Calvin cycle or Calvinâ "Benson cycle or reductive pentose phosphate cycle is a series of biochemical redox reactions that take place in the stroma of chloroplasts in photosynthetic organisms. --EOI-- The Calvin cycle (also known as the Calvinâ "Benson cycle) are chemical reactions that take place in chloroplasts during photosynthesis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Coronal places of articulation include the dental consonants at the upper teeth, the alveolar consonants at the upper gum (the alveolar ridge), the various postalveolar consonants (domed palato-alveolar, laminal alveolo-palatal, and apical retroflex) just behind that, the true retroflex consonants curled back against the hard palate, and linguolabial consonants with the tongue against the upper lip. --EOI-- There are many types of coronal consonants, for example dental consonants and alveolar consonants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Experiments have shown that Deinopis spinosus has two different techniques for trapping prey: backwards strikes to catch flying insects, whose vibrations it detects; and forward strikes to catch ground-walking prey that it sees. --EOI-- Experiments have shown that Deinopis spinosus has two different techniques for trapping prey: backwards strikes to catch flying insects, whose vibrations it detects; and forward strikes to catch ground-walking prey that it sees. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They live almost entirely within the bells, darting out to catch prey animals that touch the bell or the threads that anchor it. --EOI-- They live almost entirely within the bells, darting out to catch prey animals that touch the bell or the threads that anchor it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Females of the water spider Argyroneta aquatica build underwater "diving bell " webs which they fill with air and use for digesting prey, molting, mating and raising offspring. --EOI-- Females of the water spider Argyroneta aquatica build underwater "diving bell " webs which they fill with air and use for digesting prey, molting, mating and raising offspring. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The primitive Liphistiidae, the "trapdoor spiders " (family Ctenizidae) and many tarantulas are ambush predators that lurk in burrows, often closed by trapdoors and often surrounded by networks of silk threads that alert these spiders to the presence of prey. --EOI-- The primitive Liphistiidae, the "trapdoor spiders " (family Ctenizidae) and many tarantulas are ambush predators that lurk in burrows, often closed by trapdoors and often surrounded by networks of silk threads that alert these spiders to the presence of prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ant-mimicking spiders face several challenges: they generally develop slimmer abdomens and false "waists " in the cephalothorax to mimic the three distinct regions (tagmata) of an ant's body; they wave the first pair of legs in form to their heads to mimic antennae, which spiders lack, and to conceal the fact that they have eight legs rather than six; they develop large color patches round one pair of eyes to disguise the fact that they generally have eight simple eyes, while ants have two compound eyes; they cover their bodies with reflective hairs to resemble the shiny bodies of ants. --EOI-- Ant-mimicking spiders face several challenges: they generally develop slimmer abdomens and false "waists " to mimic the three distinct regions (tagmata) of an ant's body; they wave the first pair of legs in form to their heads to mimic antennae, which spiders lack, and to conceal the fact that they have eight legs rather than six. They have large color patches round one pair of eyes to disguise the fact that they generally have eight simple eyes, while ants have two compound eyes; they cover their bodies with reflective hairs to resemble the shiny bodies of ants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Various touch sensors, mostly bristles called setae, respond to different levels of force, from strong contact to very weak air currents. --EOI-- Various sensors, mostly bristles, respond to touch, from strong contact to very weak air currents. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the 28 September 2006, Cohen appeared in character as Borat at the White House gates to give a press conference to invite "Supreme Warlord Premier George Walter Bush " to a screening of his forthcoming film, along with "O.J. Simpson ", "Melvin Gibsons " and other "American dignitaries ", after which they would join him for drinks at Hooters. --EOI-- On September 28 2006, Cohen appeared in character as Borat at the White House gates to give a press conference and invite "Supreme Warlord Premier George Walker Bush " to a screening of his forthcoming film, along with "O.J. Simpson ", "Melvin Gibsons " and other "American dignitaries ", after which they would join him for drinks at Hooters. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was believed that the living had a symbiotic relationship with the dead where the dead provided everything the living needed (health, fertility of land and animals, fortune, etc.) and the living through offerings provided the dead with a better place in the spirit world. --EOI-- It was believed that the living had a relationship with the dead where the dead provided everything the living needed (health, fertility of land and animals, fortune, etc.,) and the living through offerings could provide the dead with a better place in the spirit world. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Flame in All Of Us is the fourth studio album by rock band Thousand Foot Krutch; the album was released on September 18, 2007 through Tooth& Nail Records. --EOI-- The Flame in All of Us is the last album released by Thousand Foot Krutch. It was released on September 18 2007. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The premolar teeth or bicuspids are transitional teeth located between the canine and molar teeth. --EOI-- The premolar teeth of mammals are the teeth between the canines and the molars. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A concentrate is a form of substance which has had the majority of its base component (in the case of a liquid: the solvent) removed. Typically this will be the removal of water from a solution or suspension such as the removal of water from fruit juice. --EOI-- The most common case is the removal of the solvent from a solution: Fruit juice concentrate will have most of the water removed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition, there is a device which detects whether the elevator is descending faster than its maximum designed speed; if this happens, the device causes copper brake shoes to clamp down along the vertical rails in the shaft, stopping the elevator quickly, but not so abruptly as to cause injury. --EOI-- In addition, there is a device which detects whether the elevator is descending faster than its maximum designed speed; if this happens, the device causes bronze brake shoes to clamp down along the vertical rails in the shaft, stopping the elevator quickly, but not so abruptly as to cause injury. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A device known as a rupture valve is often attached to the hydraulic inlet\/outlet of the piston and can be adjusted for a maximum flow rate. If a pipe or hose were to break (rupture), the flow rate of the rupture valve will surpass a set limit and mechanically stop the outlet flow of hydraulic fluid, thus stopping the piston and the car in the down direction. --EOI-- This device is also known as a Rupture Valve in some parts of the world. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Furius ISO Mount is a free Linux program to mount (without burning to disk) and burn image files (ISO, IMG, BIN, MDF and NRG) using Gtk+ visual interface. --EOI-- Furius ISO Mount is a program to mount and burn iso files. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers, bacteria, spermatozoa and blood flow in capillaries (small blood vessels). --EOI-- He was also the first to record microscopic observations of muscle fibers, bacteria, spermatozoa and blood flow in small blood vessels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Theobromine is a water-insoluble, crystalline, bitter powder; the color has been listed as either white or colourless. --EOI-- Theobromine is a water insoluble, crystalline, bitter powder. It color is listed as either white or colourless. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Despite its name, the compound contains no bromineâ " theobromine is derived from Theobroma, the name of the genus of the cacao tree, (which itself is made up of the Greek roots theo ( "God ") and brosi ( "food "), meaning "food of the gods ") with the suffix- ine given to alkaloids and other basic nitrogen-containing compounds. --EOI-- Despite its name, there is no bromine in it-- theobromine comes from Theobroma, the name of the genus of the cacao tree, (which itself is made up of the Greek roots theo ( "God ") and brosi ( "food "), meaning "food of the gods ") with the suffix- ine given to alkaloids and other basic nitrogen-containing compounds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Theobromine, also known as xantheose, is a bitter alkaloid of the cacao plant, found in chocolate, as well as in a number of other foods, including the leaves of the tea plant, and the kola or cola nut. --EOI-- Theobromine is a chemical substance, also known as xantheose It is an alkaloid. It occurs in the cacao plant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has a similar, but lesser, effect to caffeine in the human nervous system, making it a lesser homolog. --EOI-- It has a similar, but lesser, effect to caffeine, making it a lesser homolog. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other entertainment events occasionally held in the Forum include concerts, NBA exhibition games, USF Basketball and NCAA Tournament games, tennis, professional wrestling, boxing, figure skating, and rodeos (as well as stand-alone bull riding events; the Forum has hosted an event by the PBR's premier tour, the Bud Light Cup (renamed Built Ford Tough Series in 2003), annually since 1998.) --EOI-- Other entertainment events occasionally held in the Forum include concerts, NBA games, USF Basketball and NCAA Tournament games, tennis, professional wrestling, boxing, figure skating, and rodeos (as well as stand-alone bull riding events; the Forum has hosted an event by the PBR's premier tour, the Bud Light Cup (renamed Built Ford Tough Series in 2003), annually since 1998.) --separator-- --simplificataion-- This bell iron and lead statue was made to honor a record-setting milk production by a Holstein (Friesian) cow named Snow Countess. --EOI-- This bell iron and lead statue was made to honor a record-setting milk production by a Holstein (Friesian) cow named Snow Countess. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the presence of oxygen, carbon monoxide burns with a blue flame, producing carbon dioxide. --EOI-- It is made when carbon compounds burn and there is not enough oxygen. It is a good fuel and burns in air with a blue flame, making carbon dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In bacteria, carbon monoxide is produced via the reduction of carbon dioxide by the enzyme carbon monoxide dehydrogenase, an Fe-Ni-S-containing protein. --EOI-- The carbon monoxide turns into carbon dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Defibrillation consists of delivering a therapeutic dose of electrical energy to the affected heart with a device called a defibrillator. This depolarizes a critical mass of the heart muscle, terminates the arrhythmia, and allows normal sinus rhythm to be reestablished by the body's natural pacemaker, in the sinoatrial node of the heart. --EOI-- Defibrillation works by delivering a controlled electric current to the heart, which depolarises a critical mass of the heart muscle, which stops the arrhythmia and allows a coordinated heart rhythm to return. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mario Renato Capecchi (Verona, Italy, 6 October 1937) is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist and a co-winner of the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering a method for introducing homologous recombination in mice employing embryonic stem cells, with Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies. --EOI-- Mario Renato Capecchi (born 6 October 1937) is an Italian-born American molecular geneticist. He won the 2007 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine with Sir Martin Evans and Oliver Smithies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Beef tripe is usually made from only the first three chambers of a cow's stomach: the rumen (blanket\/flat\/smooth tripe), the reticulum (honeycomb and pocket tripe), and the omasum (book\/bible\/leaf tripe). --EOI-- Tripe is part of an animal's stomach often served as food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Lakes of Titan, a moon of Saturn, are bodies of liquid ethane and methane that have been detected by the Cassiniâ "Huygens space probe, and had been suspected long before. --EOI-- The lakes of Titan, a moon of Saturn, are made of liquid methane. The lakes were found by the Cassini-Huygens space probe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Francis II, who had always been a sickly child, died on 5 December 1560 in OrlÃ ans, Loiret, at the age of sixteen, when an ear infection worsened and caused an abscess in his brain. --EOI-- Francis died in Orleans, France, on December 5, 1560 because of an ear infection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chromium alum is used in the tanning of leather as chromium (III) stabilizes the leather by cross linking the collagen fibers within the leather. However, this application is obsolete because the simpler chromium (III) sulfate is preferred. --EOI-- It was used in making leather; now chromium (III) sulfate is used instead. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also known as knockout organisms or simply knockouts, they are used in learning about a gene that has been sequenced, but which has an unknown or incompletely known function. --EOI-- The organisms, such as knockout mice, are used to learn about a gene that has been sequenced, but whose function is unknown or incompletely known. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Knockout is accomplished through a combination of techniques, beginning in the test tube with a plasmid, a bacterial artificial chromosome or other DNA construct, and proceeding to cell culture. --EOI-- Knockout is accomplished through a combination of techniques. It starts in the test tube with a plasmid, or other DNA construct, and proceeding to cell culture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If so, embryonic stem cells are genetically transformed and inserted into early embryos. --EOI-- If so, embryonic stem cells are genetically transformed and inserted into early embryos. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Previously, in September 2006, Buchanan had made an appearance to promote his book State of Emergency; during this interview, he said thatâ we are being invaded by people of different culturesâ and argued that Americansâ can not survive a bifurcated culture or a heavily Hispanicized culture, tilted towards Mexico... I think that's the beginning of the end of the United States. --EOI-- Previously, in September 2006, Buchanan had made an appearance to promote his book State of Emergency; during this interview, he said thatâ we are being invaded by people of different culturesâ and argued that Americansâ can not survive a bifurcated culture or a heavily Hispanicized culture, tilted towards Mexico... I think that's the beginning of the end of the United States. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ways to win a steel cage match are as followed; either pinfall, submission, or by escaping the cage (over the top or through the door) and having both feet touch the arena floor. --EOI-- A steel cage match is a match that literally takes place in a steel cage which surrounds the ring. You can win by pinfall, submission or escaping the cage by climbing over with both feet hitting the floor outside or by exiting the door with both feet hitting the floor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They have a "crown " of solid tentacles whose cilia generate water currents that draw food particles towards the mouth, and both the mouth and anus lie inside the "crown ". --EOI-- They are filter-feeders, with a crown of tentacles whose cilia generate water currents towards the mouth. Both the mouth and anus lie inside the crown. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The upper side of the wings are black with the hind wing having two rows of submarginal spots: the first row, white; and the second row, pink. --EOI-- The hind wing (bottom wing) has two rows of spots. The first row is white. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm increased the turbidity and lowered the oxygen level in the water, threatening many fish and other marine wildlife. --EOI-- Damage to marine life was moderate as the storm lowered the oxygen level in the water, threatening many fish and other marine wildlife. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Core 2 brand was introduced on July 27, 2006, comprising the Solo (single-core), Duo (dual-core), Quad (quad-core), and in 2007, the Extreme (dual- or quad-core CPUs for enthusiasts) subbrands. Intel Core 2 processors with vPro technology (designed for businesses) include the dual-core and quad-core branches. --EOI-- The group includes the single-core "Core 2 Solo ", dual-core (2 cores) "Core 2 Duo ", and quad-core (4 cores) "Core 2 Quad " microprocessors. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Those with a narrow margin are more difficult to dose and administer, and may require therapeutic drug monitoring (examples are warfarin, some antiepileptics, aminoglycoside antibiotics). --EOI-- Medication with a narrow margin are more difficult to dose and give to a person, and may require therapeutic drug monitoring (examples are warfarin, some antiepileptics, aminoglycoside antibiotics). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The mutations in the snakeâ s genes that conferred resistance to the toxin have resulted in a selective pressure that favors newts which produce more potent levels of toxin. --EOI-- The snakeâ s resistance to the toxin has resulted in a selective pressure that favors newts which produce more potent levels of toxin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Increases in newt toxicity then apply a selective pressure favoring snakes with mutations conferring even greater resistance. --EOI-- Increases in newt toxicity then apply a selective pressure favoring snakes with mutations conferring even greater resistance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals today that can eat a T. granulosa newt and survive. --EOI-- Toxin resistant garter snakes are the only known animals today that can eat a T. granulosa newt and survive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the past, MAOIs were prescribed for those resistant to tricyclic antidepressant therapy, but newer MAOIs such as selegiline and moclobemide provide a safer alternative and are now sometimes used as first-line therapy, although these substances are not always as effective as their predecessors. --EOI-- Some newer drugs such as selegiline and moclobemide have proven to be safer than the older MAOIs and are prescribed by physicians in the first instance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Q fever is a disease caused by infection with Coxiella burnetii, a bacterium that affects humans and other animals. --EOI-- Q fever is a disease caused by Coxiella burnetii, bacteria that affect humans and other animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The infection results from inhalation of endospores, and from contact with the milk, urine, feces, vaginal mucus, or semen of infected animals. --EOI-- People can get infected if they inhale endospores or touch the milk, urine, feces, vaginal mucus, or semen of infected animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is possible to be an asymptomatic carrier of sexually transmitted diseases. In particular, sexually transmitted diseases in women often cause the serious condition of pelvic inflammatory disease. --EOI-- It is more accurate to call sexually transmitted diseases sexually transmissible diseases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A sexually transmitted disease (STD), also known as a sexually transmitted infection (STI), or venereal disease (VD), is an illness that has a significant probability of transmission between humans by means of human sexual behavior, including vaginal intercourse, oral sex, and anal sex. --EOI-- A sexually transmitted disease is a disease which generally spreads by sexual intercourse, including oral sex or anal sex. "Sexually transmitted disease " is usually written as STD for short. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While in the past, these illnesses have mostly been referred to as STDs or VD, in recent years the term sexually transmitted infections (STIs) has been preferred, as it has a broader range of meaning; a person may be infected, and may potentially infect others, without showing signs of disease. --EOI-- STDs can also be called sexually transmitted infections (STIs), or venereal diseases (VD). --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a result, lutes are generally more expensive than mass-produced modern instruments such as the guitar, though not nearly as expensive as the violin. Unlike in the past there are many types of lutes encountered today: 5-course medieval lutes, renaissance lutes of 6 to 10 courses in many pitches for solo and ensemble performance of Renaissance works, the archlute of Baroque works, 11-course lutes in d-minor tuning for 17th century French, German and Czech music, 13\/14-course d-minor tuned German Baroque Lutes for later High Baroque and Classical music, theorbo for basso continuo parts in Baroque ensembles, gallichons\/mandoras, bandoras, orpharions and others. --EOI-- During the Renaissance, bigger lutes were designed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In research and polling following the 1999 referendum, the single greatest concern expressed about the referendum as written seemed to be that it did not create and respect a meaningful separation of powers between a Republican President and Parliament and its legislative authority. --EOI-- In research and polling following the 1999 referendum, people said that an appointed President would not be able to act independently of the Parliament. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With the widespread use of the microscope in the 18th century, it was discovered that the` cancer poison' spread from the primary tumor through the lymph nodes to other sites ( "metastasis "). --EOI-- With the microscope, it was discovered that the` cancer poison' spread from the one tumor through the lymph nodes to other sites ( "metastasis "). --separator-- --simplificataion-- With the exception of William Coley who in the late 19th century felt that the rate of cure after surgery had been higher before asepsis (and who injected bacteria into tumors with mixed results), cancer treatment became dependent on the individual art of the surgeon at removing a tumor. --EOI-- Cancer treatment became dependent on the individual art of the surgeon at removing a tumor, except for William Coley. In the late 1800s, Coley felt that the rate of cure after surgery had been higher before asepsis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is insufficient evidence to recommend for or against screening for skin cancer, oral cancer, lung cancer, or prostate cancer in men under 75. Routine screening is not recommended for bladder cancer, testicular cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, or prostate cancer in men over 75. --EOI-- Some of the most common include breast cancer, brain cancer, leukemia, testicular cancer, mesothelioma, and lung cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He stated that the excision should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed, which included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor. --EOI-- He stated that the removal should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed. This included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Similarly, physical trauma is not accepted as a cause for cervical cancer, breast cancer, or brain cancer. --EOI-- Some of the most common include breast cancer, brain cancer, leukemia, testicular cancer, mesothelioma, and lung cancer. Breast cancer begins in the breast. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This name comes from the appearance of the cut surface of a solid malignant tumor, with "the veins stretched on all sides as the animal the crab has its feet, whence it derives its name ". --EOI-- The veins of the cut surface of solid malignant tumor looks like a crab: "the veins stretched on all sides as the animal the crab has its feet, whence it derives (gets) its name ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- The German professor Wilhelm Fabry believed that breast cancer was caused by a milk clot in a mammary duct. --EOI-- The German professor Wilhelm Fabry believed that breast cancer was caused by a milk clot in a mammary duct. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since it was against Greek tradition to open the body, Hippocrates only described and made drawings of outwardly visible tumors on the skin, nose, and breasts. --EOI-- Hippocrates only described and made drawings of tumors he saw from outside. This is because the Greeks did not open up the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This insight drove national public health bodies to make it possible to compile health data across practises and hospitals, a process that many countries do today. --EOI-- This idea made national public health bodies to make it possible to bring together health data across practices and hospitals. Many countries use this process today. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They concluded that diseased bone marrow could also be destroyed with radiation, and this led to the discovery of bone marrow transplants for leukemia. --EOI-- They said that diseased bone marrow could also be destroyed with radiation. This led to the discovery of bone marrow transplants for leukemia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Senna attacked on lap 34 but Alesi defended and kept the lead. --EOI-- Senna attacked on lap 34 but Alesi defended and kept the lead. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The body consists of an outer layer of simple epithelium enclosing a loose sheet of stellate cells resembling the mesenchyme of some more advanced animals. --EOI-- The body consists of an outer layer of simple epithelium enclosing a loose sheet of cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is mostly used by blind people or by people with visual impairments such as color blindness or achromatopsia. --EOI-- It is mostly used by blind people or by people with color blindness. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The flowers are also used for herbal tea and tinctures; this kind of use is particularly popular in Europe and also used in North American herbal medicine practices. --EOI-- The flowers are also used for herbal tea, and this infusion is particularly popular in Europe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mike Schatz is an American voice actor. He is best known for voicing the Plutonian Emory on the popular Adult Swim program Aqua Teen Hunger Force and the film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters. --EOI-- Mike Schatz is an American voice actor best known for voicing Emory on the Adult Swim program Aqua Teen Hunger Force and the film Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although alkaloids act on a diversity of metabolic systems in humans and other animals, they almost uniformly invoke a bitter taste. --EOI-- Some alkaloids have a bitter taste. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Alkaloids are produced by a large variety of organisms, including bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals and are part of the group of natural products (also called secondary metabolites). --EOI-- Alkaloids are made by a large variety of organisms, such as bacteria, fungi, plants, and animals and are part of the group of natural products (also called secondary metabolites). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Erectile dysfunction (also known as ED or " (male) impotence ") is a sexual dysfunction characterized by the inability to develop and\/or maintain an erection. --EOI-- A man who often has problems having or keeping an erection of his penis is said to have erectile dysfunction. Erectile dysfunction is also known as ED, impotence or male impotence. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The study of erectile dysfunction within medicine is known as andrology, a sub-field within urology. --EOI-- The study of erectile dysfunction comes within andrology, the field of science dealing with men's health. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Decreased desire to eat is termed anorexia, while polyphagia (or "hyperphagia ") is increased eating. Dysregulation of appetite contributes to anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, cachexia, overeating, and binge eating disorder. --EOI-- A loss of appetite is also called anorexia (this is not the same as the eating disorder anorexia nervosa). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In early September, Hurricane Fabian struck Bermuda as a Category 3 hurricane, where it was the worst hurricane since 1926; on the island it caused four deaths and$ 300 million in damage (2003 USD,$ USD). --EOI-- Fabian, the sixth named storm, fourth hurricane, and first major hurricane of the season. Fabian caused$ 300 million in damage and 8 deaths. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With sixteen storms, the season was tied for the sixth most active Atlantic hurricane season on record. The strongest hurricane of the season was Hurricane Isabel, which reached Category 5 status on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale northeast of the Lesser Antilles; Isabel later struck North Carolina as a Category 2 hurricane, causing$ 3.6 billion in damage (2003 USD,$ USD) and a total of 51 deaths across the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States. --EOI-- Hurricane Isabel was the costliest, deadliest, and strongest hurricane in the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Brown ran on several policies, including; capping rates at the cost of inflation, increasing public transport, and working with youth in the region. --EOI-- Brown's campaign was based on several policies, including; capping rates at the cost of inflation, increasing public transport, and working with youth in the region. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Regular rectal exams, as well as measurement of Prostate Specific Antigen (PSA) are recommended for men, usually ages 40 and up to detect prostate cancer early. --EOI-- Regular rectal exams are recommended for older men to detect prostate cancer early. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Each player then has to divide his cards into three poker hands (known as "setting "): two containing five cards each (known as "the middle " and "the back "), and one containing three cards ( "the front "); the back must be the highest ranking hand, and the front, the lowest ranking hand (note that straights and flushes do not count in the three card hand). The back hand is placed face down on the table in front of the player, then the middle hand is placed face down in front of the back hand, and the front hand is placed face down in front of the middle hand. --EOI-- The third hand most be the best hand (By the standard poker rankings) the second hand most be better then the first hand (The one with the 3 cards in it). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the simplest play, the string is initially wound on the spool by hand; the yo-yo is then thrown downwards so that it first descends unwinding the string, then (by inertia) climbs back winding it up; and finally the yo-yo is grabbed, ready to be thrown again. --EOI-- In the simplest play, the string is wound on the spool by hand. The yo-yo is then thrown downwards, so that it goes down and unwinds the string. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Measuring devices placed in the chamber to calculate the force of the blast were themselves destroyed by the explosion; the skull of the dummy representing King James, which had been placed on a throne inside the chamber surrounded by courtiers, peers and bishops, was found a considerable distance from the site. --EOI-- Measuring devices placed in the chamber to calculate the force of the blast were themselves destroyed by the blast, while the skull of the dummy representing King James, which had been placed on a throne inside the chamber surrounded by courtiers, peers and bishops, was found a large distance away from the site. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Crohn's disease is thought to be an autoimmune disease, in which the body's immune system attacks the gastrointestinal tract, causing inflammation; it is classified as a type of inflammatory bowel disease. --EOI-- This causes inflammation, or swelling, in the digestive tract. Therefore, Crohn's disease is one of two inflammatory bowel diseases and one of many autoimmune diseases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Olive oil is an oil obtained from the olive (Olea europaea; family Oleaceae), a traditional tree crop of the Mediterranean Basin. --EOI-- Olive oil is a vegetable oil. It is made by getting the juice of the fruits of the olive tree. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hox genes are critical for the proper placement of segment structures of animals during early embryonic development (e.g. legs, antennae, and wings in fruit flies or the different vertebrate ribs in humans). --EOI-- Hox genes are critical for the proper placement of segment structures of animals during early embryonic development (e.g. legs, antennae, and wings in fruit flies or the different vertebrate ribs in humans). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The diagram above shows the relationship between the genes and protein expression in flies. --EOI-- The diagram above shows the relationship between the genes and protein expression in flies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Interestingly, the order of the genes on the chromosome is the same as the expression of the genes in the developing embryo, with the first gene being expressed in the anterior end of the developing organism. --EOI-- The order of the genes on the chromosome is the same as the expression of the genes in the developing embryo. The first gene is expressed in front of the developing organism. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In some organisms, especially vertebrates, the various Hox genes are situated very close to one another on the chromosome in groups or clusters. --EOI-- In some organisms, especially vertebrates, the various Hox genes are situated very close to one another on the chromosome in groups or clusters. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thomas Hunt Morgan (September 25, 1866-- December 4, 1945) was an American evolutionary biologist, geneticist and embryologist and science author who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1933 for discoveries relating the role the chromosome plays in heredity. --EOI-- Thomas Hunt Morgan (25 September 1866â "4 December 1945) was an American geneticist and embryologist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For transport in animals, see Circulatory system. --EOI-- For transport in animals, see Circulatory system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally. --EOI-- These two tissues transport fluid and nutrients internally. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For eyebrows, the cycle is completed in around 4 months, while it takes the scalp 3-- 4 years to finish; this is the reason eyebrow hairs have a much shorter length limit compared to hairs on the head. --EOI-- For eyebrows, the cycle is completed in around 4 months, while it takes the scalp 3-- 4 years to finish; this is the reason eyebrow hairs have a much shorter length limit compared to hairs on the head. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hair grows in cycles of various phases: anagen is the growth phase; catagen is the involuting or regressing phase; and telogen, the resting or quiescent phase. --EOI-- Hair grows in cycles of various phases: anagen is the growth phase; catagen is the involuting or regressing phase; and telogen, the resting or quiescent (still) phase. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The hair matrix epithelium is one of the fastest growing cell populations in the human body, which is why some forms of chemotherapy that kill dividing cells or radiotherapy may lead to temporary hair loss. --EOI-- The hair matrix epithelium is one of the fastest-growing cell areas in the human body, which is why some forms of chemotherapy which kill dividing cells or radiotherapy may lead to temporary hair loss. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fifty to one-hundred club hairs are shed daily from a normal scalp. --EOI-- Fifty to one-hundred club hairs are shed daily from a normal scalp. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other structures associated with the hair follicle include arrector pili muscles, sebaceous glands and apocrine sweat glands. --EOI-- Other structures associated with the hair follicle include arrector pili muscles, sebaceous glands and apocrine sweat glands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Growth cycles are controlled by a chemical signal like epidermal growth factor. --EOI-- Growth cycles are controlled by a chemical signal like epidermal growth factor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also attached to the follicle is a tiny bundle of muscle fiber called the arrector pili. --EOI-- Also attached to the follicle is a tiny bundle of muscle fiber, called the arrector pili, which is responsible for causing the follicle lissis to become more perpendicular (upright) to the surface of the skin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The internal root sheath is composed of three layers, Henle's layer, Huxley's layer, and an internal cuticle that is continuous with the outermost layer of the hair fiber. --EOI-- The internal root sheath is composed of three layers, Henle's layer, Huxley's layer, and an internal cuticle that is continuous with the outer layer of the hair fiber. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In utero, the epithelium and underlying mesenchyma interact to form hair follicles. --EOI-- Before a baby is born, the epithelium and underlying mesenchyma interact to form hair follicles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It houses several types of stem cells, which supply the entire hair follicle with new cells, and take part in healing the epidermis after a wound. --EOI-- It houses several types of stem cells, which supply the entire hair follicle with new cells, and take part in healing the epidermis after a wound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Scalp hair stays in this active phase of growth for 2â "7 years. --EOI-- Scalp hair stays in this active phase of growth for 2â "7 years. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The external root sheath appears empty with cuboid cells when stained with H&E stain. --EOI-- The external root sheath appears empty with cuboid cells when stained with H&E stain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The bulge is located in the outer root sheath at the insertion point of the arrector pili muscle. --EOI-- The bulge is located in the outer root sheath at the insertion point of the arrector pili muscle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cell division in the hair matrix produces the cells that will form the major structures of the hair fiber and the inner root sheath. --EOI-- Cell division in the hair matrix is responsible for the cells that will form the major structures of the hair fiber and the inner root sheath. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This muscle is responsible for causing the follicle lissis to become more perpendicular to the surface of the skin, and causing the follicle to protrude slightly above the surrounding skin (piloerection) and a pore encased with skin oil. --EOI-- The muscle area can also cause the follicle to stick up slightly above the nearby skin (piloerection) with a pore incased with skin oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hair follicle receptors sense the position of the hairs. --EOI-- Hair follicle nerve receptors sense the position of the hairs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Around the papilla is the hair matrix, a collection of epithelial cells often interspersed with the pigment producing cells, melanocytes. --EOI-- Around the papilla is the hair matrix, a collection of epithelial cells often mixed with the pigment-producing (color) cells, known as melanocytes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stem cells are located at the junction of the erector and the follicle, and are principally responsible for the ongoing hair production during a process known as the Anagen stage. --EOI-- Stem cells are located at the junction of the arrector and the follicle, and are principally responsible for the ongoing hair production during a process known as the Anagen stage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The papilla is made up mainly of connective tissue and a capillary loop. --EOI-- The papilla is made up mainly of connective tissue and a capillary loop. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It signals the end of the active growth of a hair. --EOI-- It signals the end of the active growth of a hair. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The papilla is usually ovoid or pear shaped with the matrix wrapped completely around it except for a short stalk-like connection to the surrounding connective tissue that provides access for the capillary. --EOI-- The papilla is usually oval or pear-shaped, with the matrix wrapped almost totally around it, except for a short stalk-like connection to the surrounding connective tissue that provides access for the capillary. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Attached to the follicle is a sebaceous gland. This is a tiny sebum-producing gland found everywhere except on the palms, lips and soles of the feet. --EOI-- Attached inside the top of the follicle are sebaceous glands, which are tiny sebum-producing glands found in almost all skin except on the palms, lips and soles of the feet. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Anagen is the active growth phase of hair follicles. --EOI-- Anagen is the active growth phase of hair follicles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In human anatomy, the trapezius is a large superficial muscle that extends longitudinally from the occipital bone to the lower thoracic vertebrae and laterally to the spine of the scapula (shoulder blade). --EOI-- In human, trapezius muscle or trapezius is a large muscle that extends longitudinally on the upper portion of a human spine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its functions are to move the scapulae and support the arm. --EOI-- Its functions are to move the scapulae and support the arm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The trapezius has three functional regions: the superior region (descending part), which supports the weight of the arm; the intermediate region (transverse part), which retracts the scapulae; and the inferior region (ascending part), which medially rotates and depresses the scapulae. --EOI-- The trapezius has three functional regions: the superior region, which supports the weight of the arm; the intermediate region, which retracts the scapulae; and the inferior region, which rotates and depresses the scapulae. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The vascular cambium is the source of both the secondary xylem (inwards, towards the pith) and the secondary phloem (outwards), and is located between these tissues in the stem and root. --EOI-- It is the source of both the secondary xylem (inwards, towards the pith) and the secondary phloem (outwards), and is between these tissues in the stem and root. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The vascular cambium is a type of meristem- tissue consisting of embryonic (incompletely differentiated) cells from which other (more differentiated) plant tissues originate. --EOI-- Vascular cambium is a type of meristem- a tissue consisting of embryonic (not specialized) cells which can produce other (and more differentiated) plant tissues originate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The vascular cambium (pl. cambia or cambiums) is a lateral meristem in the vascular tissue of plants. --EOI-- The vascular cambium is a lateral meristem. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As the overhanging jaw and stout teeth are designed for grabbing and crushing, its primary prey may have been large animals and smaller dinosaurs, which it ambushed, dragged into the water, crushed, drowned and then tore apart. --EOI-- As the overhanging jaw and stout teeth are designed for grabbing and crushing, its primary prey may have been large animals and smaller dinosaurs, which it ambushed, dragged into the water, crushed, drowned and then tore apart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ethanol, also called ethyl alcohol, pure alcohol, grain alcohol, or drinking alcohol, is a volatile, flammable, colorless liquid. --EOI-- Ethanol, also known as ethyl alcohol or grain alcohol, is a flammable, colorless chemical compound, one of the alcohols that is most often found in alcoholic drinks. When people talk about it, they often name it simply as alcohol. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The flower, which contains the non-toxic pyrrolizidine alkaloid thesinine, has a sweet honey-like taste and as one of the few truly blue-colored edible things, is often used to decorate dessert. --EOI-- The flower, which has the non-toxic pyrrolizidine alkaloid thesinine, has a sweet honey-like taste and as one of the few truly blue-colored eatable things, is often used to decorate dessert.. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Green tea also contains carotenoids, tocopherols, ascorbic acid (vitamin C), minerals such as chromium, manganese, selenium or zinc, and certain phytochemical compounds. --EOI-- Green tea contains ascorbic acid, and different minerals, such as chromium, manganese, selenium or zinc. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although corals can catch small fish and animals such as plankton using stinging cells on their tentacles, most corals obtain the majority of their energy and nutrients from photosynthetic unicellular algae called zooxanthellae. --EOI-- Howwever, most corals get most of their energy and nutrients from photosynthetic unicellular algae called zooxanthellae. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The main agricultural commodities produced in Wyoming include livestock (beef), hay, sugar beets, grain (wheat and barley), and wool. --EOI-- The main things grown in Wyoming is livestock (beef), hay, sugar beets, grain (wheat and barley), and wool. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Ragdoll is a cat breed with blue eyes and a distinct colorpoint coat. It is a large and muscular semi-longhair cat with a soft and silky coat. --EOI-- The ragdoll is a cat breed that is large, with blue eyes, and a semi-longhair soft and silky coat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A cold, sweet drink made of ground oats and milk is a popular refreshment throughout Latin America. --EOI-- A cold, sweet drink made of ground oats and milk is a well liked drink in Latin America. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They have a lower summer heat requirement and greater tolerance of rain than other cereals, such as wheat, rye or barley, so are particularly important in areas with cool, wet summers, such as Northwest Europe; they are even being grown successfully in Iceland. --EOI-- They have a lower summer heat need and are able to survive more rain than other cereals like wheat, rye or barley. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oats, like rye, are usually considered a secondary crop, i.e., derived from a weed of the primary cereal domesticates wheat and barley. --EOI-- Oats are like rye. They are normally thought as a less important crop, i.e. coming from a weed out of the main cereals wheat and barley. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oat protein is nearly equivalent in quality to soy protein, which has been shown by the World Health Organization to be equal to meat, milk, and egg protein. --EOI-- Oat protein is almost the same in quality as soy bean protein, which has been shown by the World Health Organization to be equal to meat, milk, and egg protein. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When they reach temperatures above 300Â C, sulfuric acid begins to decompose into sulfur trioxide and water, both in the gas phase. Sulfur trioxide is highly reactive and dissociates into sulfur dioxide and atomic oxygen, which oxidizes traces of carbon monoxide to form carbon dioxide. --EOI-- The sulfur trioxide is produced by burning sulfur to produce sulfur dioxide, which was then oxidized to sulfur trioxide with a catalyst. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some examples of mechanical systems include the flow of a liquid under pressure, the fracture of a solid from an applied force, or the vibration of an ear in response to sound. --EOI-- Some examples of mechanical systems include the flow of a liquid under pressure, the fracture of a solid from an applied force, or the vibration of an ear in response to sound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Metastatic renal cell carcinoma presents a special challenge to oncologists, as about 70% of patients with renal cell carcinoma develop metastases during the course of their disease, and 5 year survival for patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma is between 5-15%, though it is much improved if metastatectomy and nephrectomy to remove all visible disease is performed. --EOI-- Oncophage cancer vaccine may also be effective in the treatment of renal cell carcinoma. Surgery to remove liver metastases in patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma involving the liver may be beneficial. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Recently, targeted therapies including torisel, nexavar, sutent, and bevacizumab have been developed, and all are now approved for the treatment of metastatic renal cell carcinoma. --EOI-- Other treatments used include Nexavar, Torisel, Sutent, Interferon, and Bevacizumab. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This strains the water squirting from the side of the beak and traps any food. --EOI-- This strains the water squirting from the side of the beak and traps any food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This has the advantage of evenly distributed spatial resolution without singularities (i.e. the poles) at the expense of somewhat greater numerical difficulty. --EOI-- This has the advantage of better spatial resolution without singularities (i.e. the poles) at the expense of somewhat greater numerical difficulty. --separator-- --simplificataion-- From planting, crops can be subjected to pest infestations and severe weather, which cause losses before harvest. --EOI-- From planting, crops can be subjected to pest infestations and bad weather, which cause losses before harvest. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The use of machinery in harvesting can cause waste, as harvesters may be unable to discern between ripe and immature crops, or collect only part of a crop. --EOI-- The use of machinery in harvesting can cause waste, as harvesters may be unable to discern between ripe and immature crops, or collect only part of a crop. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gastric dumping syndrome, or rapid gastric emptying is a condition where ingested foods bypass the stomach too rapidly and enter the small intestine largely undigested. --EOI-- Gastric dumping syndrome, also called dumping syndrome, and rapid gastric emptying, is when food or water passes through the body too fast. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A fault scarp is the topographic expression of faulting attributed to the displacement of the land surface by movement along faults. They are exhibited either by differential movement and subsequent erosion along an old inactive geologic fault (a sort of old rupture), or by a movement on a recent active fault. --EOI-- A fault scarp is a steep cliff made by movement along one side of a fault. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The remainingÎ cerium starts to change toÎ cerium when cooled toâ "172Â C, and the transformation is complete atâ "269Â C.Î Cerium has a density of 8.16;Î cerium exists above 726Â C. At atmospheric pressure, liquid cerium is more dense than its solid form at the melting point. --EOI-- This means that the nucleus of Cerium has 58 protons in it. The atomic mass of Cerium is 140.12. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A traditional use of cerium was in the pyrophoric mischmetal alloy used for light flints. Because of the high affinity of cerium to sulfur and oxygen, it is used in various aluminium alloys, and iron alloys. --EOI-- Cerium is sometimes used in alloys because it often makes the alloy more heat resistant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cunnilingus is the act of using the mouth, lips, and tongue to stimulate the female genitals. --EOI-- Cunnilingus is the act of a man or another woman performing oral sex using the mouth, lips, teeth, and tongue to stimulate the female sex organs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The glands are enclosed in a capsule of connective tissue and internally divided into lobules. --EOI-- The glands are inside a bag, called a capsule, of connective tissue. Inside, it is made of little parts called lobules. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These drain into ducts situated between the lobes of the gland (called interlobar ducts or secretory ducts). --EOI-- Those go into ducts between the lobes of the gland (called interlobar or excretory ducts). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Blood vessels and nerves enter the glands at the hilum and gradually branch out into the lobules. --EOI-- Blood vessels and nerves go into the glands at the hilum and go out into the lobules. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Salivary duct calculus may cause blockage of the ducts, causing pain and swelling of the gland because of cysts. --EOI-- Salivary duct calculus may block the ducts. This would cause pain and swelling of the gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- See mumps (parotiditis epidemica), SjÃ gren's syndrome, Mucocele, and Salivary gland neoplasm. --EOI-- See mumps (parotiditis epidemica) and SjÃ gren syndrome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Internal trafficking is a problem in the country; women are trafficked from rural areas to urban settlements for commercial sexual exploitation. --EOI-- Internal trafficking is a problem in the country; women are trafficked from rural areas to urban settlements for commercial sexual exploitation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The leaves are considered active flypaper traps that respond to captured prey by bending to surround it. --EOI-- The leaves are active flypaper traps: they capture prey by surrounding it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Baltix can run directly from its live-CD, without installation to a computer's permanent storage (hard disk, solid state drive, etc.), but also can be installed into a computer's Linux or Windows partition (s). --EOI-- Baltix can run directly from its live-cd, without installation to a computer's permanent storage (hard disk, solid state drive, etc), but also can be installed into a computer's Linux or Windows partition (s). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chocolate milk is a sweetened, cold, cocoa-flavored milk drink. It is created when chocolate syrup is mixed with cow milk. --EOI-- Chocolate milk is a kind of cold, sweetened milk drink made by mixing cold milk with chocolate syrup or cocoa powder and sugar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the case above the photoreceptors for red light in the retina are fatigued, lessening their ability to send the information to the brain. --EOI-- When photoreceptors are fatigued they are less able to send information to the brain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sodium arsenite is used in the water gas shift reaction to remove carbon dioxide. --EOI-- Sodium arsenite is an example. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition to Space Ghost Coast to Coast and its spin-off program Cartoon Planet, Lowe has made appearances as Space Ghost in Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film For Theaters, The Brak Show (he was also a series regular, providing the voice for Dad), Robot Chicken (among various other characters), Perfect Hair Forever, and other Adult Swim series. --EOI-- He is best known for voicing Space Ghost on the adult swim program Space Ghost: Coast to Coast. He also voices Brak's Dad on The Brak Show. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It can be caused by viral infections such as canine distemper, canine adenovirus, canine parainfluenza virus, or canine respiratory coronavirus, or bacterial infections such as Bordetella bronchiseptica. --EOI-- It can be caused by viral infections such as canine distemper, canine adenovirus, canine parainfluenza virus, or canine respiratory coronavirus, or bacterial infections such as Bordetella bronchiseptica. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptoms can include a harsh, dry hacking\/coughing, retching, sneezing, snorting, gagging or vomiting in response to light pressing of the trachea or after excitement or exercise. --EOI-- Symptoms can include a harsh, dry coughing, retch, sneezing, snort, gag or vomiting in response to light pressing of the trachea or after excitement or exercise. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Prevention is by vaccinating for canine adenovirus, distemper, parainfluenza, and Bordetella. --EOI-- Prevention is by vaccinating for canine adenovirus, distemper, parainfluenza, and Bordetella. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms; having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found, as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with contaminated surfaces such as the ground, toys, and sidewalks. --EOI-- Medical diagnosis is made by seeing these symptoms, having a history of exposure is also helpful but not always found as kennel cough is easily spread through contact with the ground, toys, sidewalks, dog parks. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The disease can last initially from 10-20 days and can rebreak when the dog is put into a stressful situation which puts stress on the dog's immune system. --EOI-- The disease can last 10-20 days and can come back when the dog is put into a stressful situation which puts stress on the dog's immune system. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Life Less Frightening " is the third single from the Chicago melodic hardcore band Rise Against's 2004 album Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --EOI--  "Life Less Frightening " was the third single from the Chicago punk rock band Rise Against, from their 2004 album, Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In some mollusks the mantle cavity is a brood chamber, and in cephalopods and some bivalves such as scallops, it is a locomotory organ. --EOI-- In some mollusks the mantle cavity is a brood chamber, and in cephalopods and some bivalves such as scallops, it is a locomotory organ. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In many, but by no means all, species of molluscs, the epidermis of the mantle secretes calcium carbonate and conchiolin, and creates a shell. --EOI-- In many, but not all, species of molluscs, the epidermis (skin) of the mantle secretes calcium carbonate and conchiolin, and creates a shell. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Interstitial fluid (or tissue fluid) is a solution that bathes and surrounds the cells of multicellular animals. It is the main component of the extracellular fluid, which also includes plasma and transcellular fluid. --EOI-- Interstitial fluid is a type of fluid in the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The jaw (Mauer 1) was in good condition except for the missing premolar teeth, which were eventually found near the jaw. --EOI-- The jaw was in good condition except for the missing premolar teeth, which were eventually found near the jaw. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the 20th century, the dramatic increase in average life span is widely credited to public health achievements, such as vaccination programs and control of infectious diseases, effective safety policies such as motor-vehicle and occupational safety, improved family planning, chlorination of drinking water, smoke-free measures, and programs designed to decrease chronic disease. --EOI-- The increase in average life span in the 20th century is credited to public health achievements, such as vaccination programs and control of infectious diseases, effective safety policies of motor-vehicle and occupational safety, improved family planning, chlorination of drinking water, smoke-free measures, and programs on decreasing chronic disease such as cancer, heart disease and more physical exercise. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The feet have no hind toe and the three anterior toes are completely webbed. --EOI-- The feet have no last toe and the three other toes are all webbed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The meals are composed of both fresh squid, fish and krill, as well as stomach oil, an energy-rich food that is lighter to carry than undigested prey items. --EOI-- They find food such as fresh squid, fish and krill. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The deployment of capillary depth recorders, which record the maximum dive depth undertaken by a bird (between attaching it to a bird and recovering it when it returns to land), has shown that while some species, like the Wandering Albatross, do not dive deeper than a metre, some species, like the Light-mantled Albatross, have a mean diving depth of almost 5 m and can dive as deep as 12.5 m. In addition to surface feeding and diving, they have now also been observed plunge diving from the air to snatch prey. --EOI-- This was thought because some species do not dive deeper than a metre. However, this theory was not true because some species have a mean diving depth of almost 5 m and can dive as deep as 12.5 m. They have now been seen to eat from the surface and diving, and sometimes also plunge from the air to snatch their prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Wii Sports, a major factor in the Wii's worldwide success, was the first release among a number of core Wii games being developed at the same, with the same philosophy; others were released as Wii Play, Wii Fit, and Wii Music. A direct sequel to Wii Sports, titled Wii Sports Resort, was released in 2009. --EOI-- Wii Sports is a sports game made by Nintendo for the Wii system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It may be cut for hay or grazed by livestock such as cattle, sheep or goats. --EOI-- It may be cut for hay or grazed by livestock such as cattle, sheep or goats. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stage 5 refers to the spread of pubic hair to the thighs and upward towards the navel as part of the developing abdominal hair. In the months and years following the appearance of pubic hair, other areas of skin that respond to androgens may develop androgenic hair. --EOI-- Pubic hair is hair that grows in the pubic region, which is the part of the body where the penis is. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The usual sequence is: underarm (axillary) hair, perianal hair, upper lip hair, sideburn (preauricular) hair, periareolar hair, and the beard area. --EOI-- About one year after pubic hair begins appearing, underarm hair also grows. The hair on the arms and legs also gets thicker, and some girls may have hair appearing on their upper lip and in front of their ears. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, the water-soluble and very basic thallium (I) hydroxide reacts with carbon dioxide forming water-soluble thallium carbonate This carbonate is the only water soluble heavy metal carbonate. --EOI-- This reacts with carbon dioxide to make thallium (I) carbonate, which is also water-soluble and very heavy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because of its use for murder, thallium has gained the nicknames "The Poisoner's Poison " and "Inheritance Powder " (alongside arsenic). --EOI-- Like arsenic, the use of thallium in murders has given it the name "inheritance powder ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Harry Houdini died of peritonitis, secondary to a ruptured appendix. --EOI-- He died in 1926 from peritonitis after his appendix was ruptured. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Current members of Golden Earring are Barry Hay (vocals, guitar, flute and saxophone, member since 1968), George Kooymans (vocals and guitar, founder of band), Rinus Gerritsen (bass and keyboard, founding member), and Cesar Zuiderwijk (drums and percussion, member since 1970). --EOI-- Current members of Golden Earring are Barry Hay (vocals, guitar, flute and saxophone, member since 1968), George Kooymans (vocals and guitar, founder of band), Rinus Gerritsen (bass and keyboard, founding member), and Cesar Zuiderwijk (drums and percussion, member since 1970). --separator-- --simplificataion-- For comparison, 7 Iris never comes closer than 0.85 AU and 4 Vesta never closer than 1.13 AU (when it becomes visible to the naked eye in a light pollution-free sky). --EOI-- For comparison, 7 Iris never comes closer than 0.85 AU and 4 Vesta never closer than 1.13 AU when it becomes visible to the naked eye in a pollution-free sky. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The filling consists of mashed sweet potatoes, milk, sugar and eggs, flavored with spices such as nutmeg. --EOI-- The filling has mashed sweet potatoes, milk, sugar, eggs, and flavoring. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is usually made as a large tart in an open pie shell without a top crust. --EOI-- It is normally made as a large tart. It does n't have a top crust. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Carbon paper (originally carbonic paper) is paper coated on one side with a layer of a loosely bound dry ink or pigmented coating, usually bound with wax. --EOI-- On one side, the paper is coated with dry ink, which is usually bound with a kind of wax. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some stages offer Yoshi the ability to morph into vehicles for a short time. DS, like the original Yoshi's Island, differs from many platforming games in that Yoshi does not have a life bar; when Yoshi is hit, the baby he is carrying falls off his back and Yoshi must retrieve him\/her before a timer runs out. --EOI-- The player moves Yoshi through many stages. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pernick and Wilder identify six major forces, which they call the six Câ s, that are pushing clean technology into the mainstream and driving rapid growth and expansion: costs, capital, competition, China, consumers, and climate. --EOI-- Pernick and Wilder identify six major forces, which they call the six Câ s, that are pushing clean technology into the mainstream and driving rapid growth and expansion: costs, capital, competition, China, consumers, and climate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The authors also believe that clean coal is an oxymoron for a myriad of reasons, including the sheer number of coal mine-related deaths and the fact that coal-fired plants, even some cleaner ones, are major contributors to serious illnesses such as asthma, heart disease, and mercury poisoning. --EOI-- The authors also believe that clean coal is an oxymoron for a myriad of reasons, including the sheer number of coal mine-related deaths and the fact that coal-fired plants, even some cleaner ones, are major contributors to serious illnesses such as asthma, heart disease, and mercury poisoning. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pernick and Wilder highlight eight major clean technology sectors: solar power, wind power, biofuels, green buildings, personal transportation, the smart grid, mobile applications, and water filtration. --EOI-- Pernick and Wilder highlight eight major clean technology sectors: solar power, wind power, biofuels, green buildings, personal transportation, the smart grid, mobile applications, and water filtration. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Models reveal that when an impactor this size struck the proto-Earth at a low angle and relatively low speed (8â "20 km\/sec), much material from the mantles and crusts of the proto-Earth and the impactor was ejected into space, where much of it stayed in orbit around the Earth. --EOI-- Models reveal that when an impactor this size struck the proto-Earth at a low angle and relatively low speed (8â "20 km\/sec), much material from the mantles (and proto-crusts) of the proto-Earth and the impactor was ejected into space, where much of it stayed in orbit around the Earth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Anise (; Pimpinella anisum, also anÃ s (stressed on the second syllable) and aniseed) is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae native to the eastern Mediterranean region and Southwest Asia. It is known for its flavor, which resembles liquorice, fennel and tarragon. --EOI-- Anise (Pimpinella anisum), also anÃ s and aniseed is a flowering plant in the family Apiaceae native to the eastern Mediterranean region and southwest Asia known for its flavor that resembles liquorice, fennel, and tarragon. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Kristy Wallace (born Kristy Marlana Wallace February 20, 1953, San Bernardino, California), became famous using the stage name of Poison Ivy (sometimes Poison Ivy Rorschach), as a founding member of the American garage punk band The Cramps. --EOI-- Kristy Wallace (born Kristy Marlana Wallace February 20, 1953, San Bernardino, California), became famous using the stage name of Poison Ivy (sometimes Poison Ivy Rorschach), as a founding member of the American punk band The Cramps. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition, there may be exploratory wells probing the edges, pipelines to transport the oil elsewhere, and support facilities. --EOI-- Other than wells, there may be pipelines to transport the oil elsewhere, and support buildings for the workers and for repairs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The gonads in males are the testes and the gonads in females are the ovaries. --EOI-- Gonads are the ovaries and testicles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although scientifically, the term "gonad " can refer to either male gonads (testicles) or female gonads (ovaries), the vernacular, or slang, use of "gonads " (or "nads ") usually only refers to the testicles. --EOI-- A male usually refers to his testes as "gonads " more than a female would refer to her ovaries as gonads. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Quinine was the first effective treatment for malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum, appearing in therapeutics in the 17th century. --EOI-- Quinine was the first treatment for Malaria, from about the 17th century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Quinine can, in therapeutic doses, cause cinchonism; in rare cases, it may even cause death (usually by pulmonary edema). --EOI-- Quinine can cause cinchonism and even death (usually by pulmonary edema) in some cases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thayer and St. James were later reunited in a Kiss tribute band called Cold Gin, with Thayer playing Ace Frehley, and St. James playing Peter Criss. The band did n't go unnoticed by Kiss themselves, and they were invited to play at Kiss rhythm guitarist Paul Stanley's birthday party. --EOI-- Tommy Thayer replacement guitarist Ace Frehley when leaving Kiss in 2002, the use Frehley's makeup and became "Spaceman " Tommy Thayer recorded two studio albums with the band Kiss, Kiss Symphony: Alive IV (2003), and Sonic Boom (2009). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Patricia Louise "Pat " Evans (nÃ e Harris; previously Beale, Wicks and Butcher, and occasionally referred to in the British media as Fat Pat) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders. --EOI-- Pat Evans is a fictional character in EastEnders. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The 2010 CopiapÃ mining accident, also known as the "Chilean mining accident " or "Los 33 ", began on 5 August 2010 as a large cave-in at the San JosÃ copper-- gold mine in the Atacama Desert about 45 k north of CopiapÃ, in northern Chile, South America. --EOI-- The 2010 CopiapÃ mining accident was a mining accident that happened on August 5, 2010, when the copper-gold mine of San JosÃ, located near CopiapÃ, Chile, collapsed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is one reason why dislocated joints must be set as quickly as possible: if the ligaments lengthen too much, then the joint will be weakened, becoming prone to future dislocations. --EOI-- This is one reason why dislocated joints must be set as quickly as possible: if the ligaments lengthen too much, then the joint will be weakened. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They do not connect muscles to bones; that is the job of tendons. --EOI-- (They do not connect muscles to bones; that is the function of tendons.) --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ligaments connect bones to other bones to form a joint. --EOI-- Ligaments connect bones to other bones to form a joint. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Athletes, gymnasts, dancers, and martial artists perform stretching exercises to lengthen their ligaments, making their joints more supple. --EOI-- Athletes, gymnasts, dancers, and martial artists perform stretching exercises to lengthen their ligaments, making their joints more supple. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In anatomy, the term ligament is used to denote any of three types of structures. Most commonly, it refers to fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones and is also known as articular ligament, articular larua, fibrous ligament, or true ligament. --EOI-- In anatomy, the term ligament mostly means fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Ligament " most commonly refers to a band of tough, fibrous dense regular connective tissue comprising attenuated collagenous fibers. --EOI-- In this most common use, a ligament is a short band of tough fibrous connective tissue composed mainly of long, stringy collagen fibers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like most sauropods, Apatosaurus had only a single large claw on each forelimb, with the first three toes on the hind limb possessing claws. --EOI-- Like most sauropods, Apatosaurus had only a single large claw on each forelimb, with the first three toes on the hind limb possessing claws. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nearly all the gasoline sold in the United States today is mixed with 10 percent ethanol, a mix known as E10, and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends. --EOI-- Most cars on the road today in the U.S. can run on blends of up to 10% ethanol, and motor vehicle manufacturers already produce vehicles designed to run on much higher ethanol blends. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1988 Fert discovered the Giant magnetoresistance effect (GMR) in multilayers of iron and chromium which is recognized as the birth of spintronics; GMR was simultaneously and independently discovered by Peter GrÃ 1\/4 nberg from the JÃ 1\/4 lich Research Centre. --EOI-- In 1988 Fert discovered Giant magnetoresistance (GMR) in iron and chromium which began spintronics; GMR was also discovered by Peter GrÃ 1\/4 nberg from the JÃ 1\/4 lich Research Centre but Peter GrÃ 1\/4 nberg did not work with Professor Fert. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While the historicity of the gospel accounts is questioned to some extent by some critical scholars and non-Christians, the traditional view states the following chronology for his ministry: Temptation, Sermon on the Mount, Appointment of the Twelve, Miracles, Temple Money Changers, Last Supper, Arrest, Trial, Passion, Crucifixion on Good Friday, Nisan 14th (,, Gospel of Peter) or Nisan 15th (Synoptic Gospels), (7Apr30, 3Apr33, 30Mar36, possible Fri-14-Nisan dates,- Meier), entombment by Pharisees Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus of the Sanhedrin, Resurrection by God on Easter Sunday, appearances to Paul of Tarsus, Simon Peter, Mary Magdalene, and others, Great Commission, Ascension, Second Coming Prophecy to fulfill the rest of Messianic prophecy such as the Resurrection of the dead, the Last Judgment, and establishment of the Kingdom of God and the Messianic Age. --EOI-- While the historicity of the gospel accounts is questioned to some extent by most critical scholars and non-Christians, the traditional view states the following chronology for his ministry: Temptation, Sermon on the Mount, Appointment of the Twelve, Miracles, Temple Money Changers, Last Supper, Arrest, Trial, Passion, Crucifixion on Good Friday, Nisan 14th (,, Gospel of Peter) or Nisan 15th (Synoptic Gospels), (7 Apr 30, 3 Apr 33, 30 Mar 36, possible Fri-14-Nisan datesâ "Meier), entombment by Pharisees Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus of the Sanhedrin, Resurrection by God on Easter Sunday, appearances to Paul of Tarsus, Simon Peter, Mary Magdalene, and others, Great Commission, Ascension, Second Coming Prophecy to fulfill the rest of Messianic prophecy such as the Resurrection of the dead, the Last Judgment, and establishment of the Kingdom of God and the Messianic Age. --separator-- --simplificataion-- White matter is composed of bundles of myelinated nerve cell processes (or axons), which connect various gray matter areas (the locations of nerve cell bodies) of the brain to each other, and carry nerve impulses between neurons. Myelin acts as an insulator, increasing the speed of transmission of all nerve signals. --EOI-- In the spine, white matter is outside, and gray matter inside: the myelin sourrounds the nerve cells, and helps the transmission of nerve signals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The rectum shortens as material is forced into the anal canal and peristaltic waves propel the feces out of the rectum. --EOI-- The rectum is a part of the gastrointestinal system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The internal and external sphincter allow the feces to be passed by muscles pulling the anus up over the exiting feces. --EOI-- It is where feces is stored before coming out of the anus. A toilet is a place where feces can be put. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It can come in many forms, including vanilla, lemon, lime, peanut butter, banana, coconut, and chocolate. --EOI-- It can come in many forms, like vanilla, lemon, lime, banana, coconut, and chocolate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cranium and mandible are from different animals. --EOI-- The cranium and mandible are from different animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Unlike fossil-fueled power plants, wind farms require no water and their operation generates no carbon dioxideâ " a heat-trapping greenhouse gas that is a major contributor to global warming. --EOI-- Unlike fossil-fueled power plants, wind farms require no water and generate no carbon dioxide-- a heat-trapping greenhouse gas that is a major contributory component for global warming. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Zhang et al. suggest that unless Epidexipteryx evolved from flying ancestors and subsequently lost its wings, this may indicate that advanced display feathers on the tail may have predated flying or gliding flight. --EOI-- Zhang et al. suggest that unless Epidexipteryx evolved from flying ancestors and subsequently lost its wings, this may indicate that advanced display feathers on the tail may have predated flying or gliding flight. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Unlike its land dwelling cousins, its legs are not disproportionately large compared to its forelimbs which are strong and end in hooked claws for grasping tree limbs, and it has a long tail for balance. --EOI-- Unlike land living kangaroos, their legs are not very large compared to their forelimbs (arms), which are strong and end in hooked claws for grasping tree branches. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Goodfellow's Tree-kangaroo has short, woolly fur, usually chestnut to red-brown in color, a gray-brown face, yellow-colored cheeks and feet; a pale belly, a long, golden brown tail, and two golden stripes on its backside. --EOI-- They have short, woolly fur, usually reddish-brown in color, a gray-brown face, yellow-colored cheeks and feet; pale stomachs, long, golden-brown tails, and two golden stripes on their backsides. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the journey, Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah (Carla Gugino) who's never had a human family, but is forced to leave her behind by Shadow and Riley (voiced by Sinbad), the leader of Delilah's pack. --EOI-- As they are trying to get home, Chance falls in love with a street Kuvasz named Delilah (Carla Gugino) who's never had a human family. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever (voiced by Ralph Waite), Sassy the Himalayan cat (Sally Field), and Chance the American Bulldog (Michael J. Fox) decide to take a family trip to Canada. --EOI-- The owners of Shadow the Golden Retriever, Sassy the Himalayan cat (Sally Field), and Chance the American Bulldog (Michael J. Fox) decide to take a trip to Canada. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After the trio return home, a depressed Chance is soon reunited with Delilah, who decided to follow her nose and her heart. --EOI-- After they return home, a sad Chance is soon together with Delilah. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Luriaâ "DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck experiment (1943) (also called the Fluctuation Test) demonstrates that in bacteria, genetic mutations arise in the absence of selection, rather than being a response to selection. --EOI-- The Luriaâ "DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck experiment, 1943, asks the question: are mutations independent of natural selection? Or are they directed by the selection? --separator-- --simplificataion-- After a period of growth, they plated equal volumes of these separate cultures onto agar containing phage (virus). --EOI-- After a period of growth, they put equal volumes of these separate cultures onto agar containing phage (virus). --separator-- --simplificataion-- If virus resistance in bacteria were caused by a spontaneous activation in bacteriaâ " i.e., if resistance were not due to heritable genetic components, then each plate should contain roughly the same number of resistant colonies. --EOI-- If virus resistance were not due to random gene mutations, then each plate should contain roughly the same number of resistant colonies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The conclusion from this was that the ear mutation is due to a simple dominant gene; if one parent provides the gene for straight ears, and one parent provides the gene for folded ears, the kittens will be Folds. --EOI-- They thought that this meant that the ear mutation is from a simple dominant gene. If one parent has the gene for straight ears, and one parent has the gene for folded ears, the kittens will be Folds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Scottish Folds can be either long- or short-haired, and they may have nearly any coat color or combination of colors (including white) except pointed colors: for example: cream, bi-color, et al. --EOI-- Scottish Folds can be either long- or short-haired. They may have nearly any coat color or mix of colors (including white) except pointed colors. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Historically bismuth compounds were used to treat syphilis and today bismuth subsalicylate and bismuth subcitrate are used to treat peptic ulcers. --EOI-- This medicine has bismuth subsalicylate in it. It is also used as an internal deodorant and to treat eye infections and peptic ulcers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Using this system, Kornberg made the major discovery that transmission of gene regulatory signals to the RNA polymerase machinery is accomplished by an additional protein complex that they dubbed Mediator. --EOI-- Kornberg made the discovery that signals to the RNA are made by another protein that they called Mediator. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Kornberg was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2006 for his studies of the process by which genetic information from DNA is copied to RNA, "the molecular basis of eukaryotic transcription. " His father, Arthur Kornberg, who was also a professor at Stanford University, was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1959. --EOI-- In 1959, Roger Kornberg's father, Arthur Kornberg, received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for studies of how genetic information moves from one DNA molecule to another. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Chernye Zemli Irrigation Scheme (ÐÐÑÐ 1\/2Ð 3\/4ÐÐÐ 1\/4ÐÐ "ÑÑÐÐÑÐ 3\/4ÑÐ 3\/4ÑÐÑÐÐ "ÑÐ 1\/2ÐÑÑÐÑÑÐÐ 1\/4Ð) in southern Kalmykia receives water from the Caucasian rivers Terek and Kuma via a chain of canals: water flows from the Terek to the Kuma via the Terek-Kuma Canal, then to the Chogray Reservoir on the East Manych River via the Kuma-Manych Canal, and finally into Kalmykia's steppes over the Chernye Zemli Main Canal, constructed in the 1970s. --EOI-- Ð 3\/4ÐÐÐÐ 1\/2ÑÑ --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ultimately, he cut out the old man's eyes, tore out his heart, and slashed his throat. --EOI-- Ultimately, he cut out the old man's eyes, tore out his heart, and slashed his throat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He specifically recounted his torture of an old man named Vukasin; he attempted to compel the man to bless Ante Pavelic, which the old man refused to do, although Friganovic cut off his ears, nose and tongue after each refusal. --EOI-- He specifically recounted his torture of an old man named Vukasin; he attempted to compel the man to bless Ante Pavelic, which the old man refused to do, although Friganovic cut off his ears, nose and tongue after each refusal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Industrial biomass can be grown from numerous types of plants, including miscanthus, switchgrass, hemp, corn, poplar, willow, sorghum, sugarcane, and a variety of tree species, ranging from eucalyptus to oil palm (palm oil). --EOI-- Biomass is grown from several plants, including switchgrass, hemp, corn, poplar, willow and sugarcane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is used in castella, manjÅ ", and monaka; as a topping for kakigori; mixed with milk and sugar as a drink; and mixed with salt and used to flavor tempura in a mixture known as matcha-jio. --EOI-- It is used in castella, manju, and monaka; as a topping for kakigori; mixed with milk and sugar as a drink; and mixed with salt and used to flavor tempura in a mixture known as matcha-jio. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is also used as flavoring in many Western-style chocolates, candy, and desserts, such as cakes and pastries (including Swiss rolls and cheesecake), cookies, pudding, mousse, and green tea ice cream. --EOI-- It is also used as flavoring in many Western-style chocolates, candy, and desserts, such as cakes and pastries (including Swiss rolls and cheesecake), cookies, pudding, mousse, and ice cream. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Programming in this block includes Jake and the Never Land Pirates, Special Agent Oso, Imagination Movers, Handy Manny, Little Einsteins, Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, Jungle Junction and My Friends Tigger& Pooh. --EOI-- Programming in this block includes Special Agent Oso, Imagination Movers, Handy Manny, Little Einsteins, Mickey Mouse Clubhouse, Jungle Junction and My Friends Tigger& Pooh. --separator-- --simplificataion-- 20th Century Fox Games (or Fox Interactive) is a video game publisher and developer mainly concerned with titles based on 20th Century Fox properties, such as The Simpsons, Family Guy, Futurama, the Alien and Predator film franchises, Independence Day, Charmed, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, The X-Files, Avatar, 24, the Ice Age trilogy of films and the Die Hard series of films. --EOI-- Fox Interactive (now known as 20th Century Fox Games) is a video game publisher and developer who makes titles based on 20th Century Fox franchises, such as The Simpsons, Family Guy, Futurama, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, The X-Files and many more. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Samples are dissolved or suspended in a "cocktail " containing an aromatic solvent (historically benzene or toluene, but more recently less hazardous solvents have come into favor) and small amounts of other additives known as fluors, i.e., scintillants or scintillators. --EOI-- Samples of nuclides are dissolved or suspended in a "cocktail ". The "cocktail " is containing an aromatic solvent and small amounts of other additives known as fluors. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Carbonated water is a supersaturated solution of carbon dioxide gas in water. --EOI-- Carbonated water is a supersaturated solution of carbon dioxide gas in water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This process may be accelerated by the presence of nucleation sites within the solution, such as small bubbles, caused by shaking the bottle, or another solute, such as sugar powder or a widget. --EOI-- Such bubbles can be caused by shaking the bottle. Another solute, such as sugar powder or a widget. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At atmospheric pressure, the carbon dioxide gas escapes very slowly from the supersaturated liquid. --EOI-- When the bottle is opened, the pressure falls to the normal level, and the carbon dioxide gas escapes very slowly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The intestinal villi secrete the enzyme called lactase (Î- D-galactosidase) to digest it. This enzyme cleaves the lactose molecule into its two subunits, the simple sugars glucose and galactose, which can be absorbed. --EOI-- To digest it an enzyme called lactase cleaves the lactose into its two subunits glucose and galactose for absorption. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lactose is a disaccharide sugar that is found most notably in milk and is formed from galactose and glucose. --EOI-- Lactose is a disaccharide that consists of galactose and glucose molecules. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The feathers not directly employed in the biplane wing structure, like those on the tibia and the tail, could have been used to control drag and alter the flight path, trajectory, etc.. --EOI-- The feathers not directly employed in the biplane wing, like those on the tibia and the tail, could have been used to control and alter the flight path. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Depending on the version of the legend, it is built from red and white coral, or from solid crystal. --EOI-- Depending on the version of the legend, it is built from red and white coral, or from solid crystal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2006, a major encampment, WAIS Divide (WSD) was established on the divide between the Ross Sea Embayment and the Amundsen Sea Embayment, in easternmost Marie Byrd Land, in order to drill a high resolution ice core over the following three years. --EOI-- In 2006, an important encampment, WAIS Divide (WSD) was made on the divide between the Ross Sea Embayment and the Amundsen Sea Embayment. This was in easternmost Marie Byrd Land. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The year-round station was abandoned in 1972, and after operating for years as a temporary summer encampment, Byrd Surface Camp, Byrd Station was reopened by the United States Antarctic Program (USAP) in 2009-2010 to support operations in northern West Antarctica. --EOI-- Byrd Station was opened again in 2009-2010. This was to support operations in northern West Antarctica. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The traditional recipe, registered in 1982 by the Bolognese delegation of Accademia Italiana della Cucina, confines the ingredients to beef, pancetta, onions, tomato paste, meat broth, white wine, and milk or cream. --EOI-- In 1982, the Bolognese delegation of Accademia Italiana della Cucina said that the recipe may only contain beef, pancetta, onions, carrots, celery, tomato paste, meat broth, red wine, and (optionally) milk or cream. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, different recipes, even in the Bolognese tradition, make use of chopped pork or pork sausage, white chicken, rabbit, or goose liver may be added along with the beef or veal for special occasions, and today many use both butter and olive oil for cooking the soffritto of small amounts of celery, carrot and onion. --EOI-- For special occasions, chicken or goose liver, along with veal. Today, both butter and olive oil are used for cooking the Soffritto of small amounts of celery, carrot and onion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a group, Rush possesses 24 gold records and 14 platinum (3 multi-platinum) records, placing them fourth behind the Beatles, Rolling Stones and Kiss for the most gold and platinum albums by a band in music history. --EOI-- As a group, Rush has made 24 gold records and 14 platinum (3 multi-platinum) records. --separator-- --simplificataion-- According to the RIAA, Rush's sales statistics also place them third behind The Beatles, and The Rolling Stones for the most consecutive gold or platinum albums by a rock band. --EOI-- According to the RIAA, Rush's number of sales place them fourth behind The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and Aerosmith for the most gold or platinum albums one after another by a rock band. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In birds and mammals, they contain branched bones or cartilages called turbinates, whose function is to warm air on inhalation and remove moisture on exhalation. --EOI-- In birds and mammals, they contain branched bones or cartilages called turbinates, whose function is to warm air on inhalation and remove moisture on exhalation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Despite their name, honey badgers are primarily carnivorous animals, and will take any sort of animal food at hand, including carrion, small rodents, birds, eggs, insects, lizards, tortoises and frogs. --EOI-- Despite their name, honey badgers mostly eat meat, and will take any sort of animal food at hand, including carrion, small rodents, birds, eggs, insects, lizards, tortoises and frogs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They devour all parts of their prey, including skin, hair, feathers, flesh and bones, holding their food down with their forepaws. --EOI-- They devour all parts of their prey, including skin, hair, feathers, flesh and bones, holding their food down with their forepaws. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Water lilies' flowers make a fruit that floats in the water for a while and then drops down to the bottom to take root on the floor of the pond. --EOI-- Water lilies' beautiful flowers create a fruit that floats in the water for some time and then sinks to the bottom to take root on the floor of a pond. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The concerto is scored for 2 flutes (both doubling as piccolo), 2 oboes (one doubling as a cor anglais), alto saxophone, 2 clarinets, bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, 2 trombones, tuba, timpani, percussion, harp and strings. --EOI-- The instruments in the orchestra for the Violin Concerto are: 2 flutes (both doubling as piccolo), 2 oboes, (one doubling as a cor anglais), alto saxophone (doubling as a clarinet), 2 clarinets, bass clarinet, 2 bassoons, contrabassoon, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, 2 trombones, tuba, timpani, percussion, harp piano and strings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rubella, commonly known as German measles, is a disease caused by the rubella virus. --EOI-- Rubella (also known as German measles) is a disease caused by the Rubella virus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Helps with circulatory problems, epilepsy, fever, gout, and weight problems. --EOI-- It also helps with circulatory problems, epilepsy, fever, gout, and weight problems. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hyssop also has uses in the garden; it is said to be a good companion plant to cabbage because it will deter the Cabbage White butterfly. --EOI-- Hyssop also has uses in the garden. It is said to be a good companion plant to cabbage because it will deter the Cabbage White butterfly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When consumed in extract or tea form it is an expectorant of mucus from the respiratory tract, therefore relieving congestion, can regulate blood pressure, and can dispel gas. --EOI-- When eaten in extract or tea form it gets rid of mucus in the respiratory tract, which relieves congestion, can regulate blood pressure, and can dispel gas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hyssop is also antibacterial, anticapillary fragility, antiinflamatory, etc., and can help with about 81 different medical conditions including cancer, bronchitis, insomnia, edema, colds, etc.. --EOI-- It can help with about 81 different illnesses including cancer, bronchitis, insomnia, edema, colds, etc.. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In pathology, it specifically refers to a sharp injury which damages the dermis of the skin. --EOI-- In pathology, it specifically means a sharp injury which damages the dermis of the skin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In medicine, a wound is a type of injury in which skin is torn, cut or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a contusion (a closed wound). --EOI-- In medicine, a wound is a type of physical trauma where in the skin is torn, cut or punctured (an open wound), or where blunt force trauma causes a bruise (a closed wound). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vitamin A is a fat soluble vitamin and depends on micellar solubilization for dispersion into the small intestine, which results in poor use of vitamin A from low-fat diets. --EOI-- This is because, vitamin A is not soluble in water, and the human body can not get rid of the excess vitamin A easily through urination. Too much vitamin A can make someone very sick. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vitamin A is a fat soluble vitamin and depends on micellar solubilization for dispersion into the small intestine, which results in poor use of vitamin A from low-fat diets. Zinc deficiency can also impair absorption, transport, and metabolism of vitamin A because it is essential for the synthesis of the vitamin A transport proteins and as the cofactor in conversion of retinol to retinal. --EOI-- Vitamin A is a vitamin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Brushing the teeth, flossing, undergoing dental work, or eating crunchy foods such as potato chips relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission, because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth. --EOI-- Brushing the teeth, flossing, undergoing dental work, or eating crunchy foods such as potato crisps relatively soon before or after giving fellatio can also increase the risk of transmission, because all of these activities can cause small scratches in the lining of the mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chlamydia, human papillomavirus (HPV), gonorrhea, herpes, hepatitis (multiple strains), and other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), can be transmitted through oral sex. --EOI-- Diseases such as Chlamydia, human papillomavirus (HPV), gonorrhea, herpes, hepatitis (multiple strains), and other sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), as well as viruses such as HIV, can be transmitted through oral sex. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These wounds, even when they are microscopic, increase the chances of contracting STDs that can be transmitted orally under these conditions. --EOI-- These wounds, even when they are microscopic, increase the chances of contracting STDs that can be transmitted orally under these conditions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the receiving partner has wounds on his genitals, or if the giving partner has wounds or open sores on or in his or her mouth, or bleeding gums, this poses an increased risk of STD transmission. --EOI-- If the receiving partner has wounds on their genitals, or if the giving partner has wounds or open sores on or in their mouth, or bleeding gums, this poses an increased risk of STD transmission. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Such contact can also lead to more mundane infections from common bacteria and viruses found in, around and secreted from the genital regions. --EOI-- Such contact can also lead to more mundane infections from common bacteria and viruses found in, around and secreted from the genital regions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ISO 4217 includes codes not only for currencies, but also for precious metals (gold, silver, palladium and platinum; by definition expressed per one troy ounce, as compared to "1 USD ") and certain other entities used in international finance, e.g. Special Drawing Rights. --EOI-- ISO 4217 includes codes not only for currencies, but also for precious metals (gold, silver, palladium and platinum; by definition expressed per one troy ounce, as compared to "1 USD ") and certain other entities used in international finance, e.g. Special Drawing Rights. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Antisense oligodeoxynucleotides have been proposed as possible treatment by down-regulating the expression of the oncogenic fusion protein associated with the development of Ewing sarcoma resulting from the EWS-ETS gene translocation. In addition, the synthetic retinoid derivative fenretinide (4-hydroxy (phenyl) retinamide) has been reported to induce high levels of cell death in Ewing sarcoma cell lines in vitro and to delay growth of Ewing sarcoma xenografts in vivo mouse models. --EOI-- Ewing's sarcoma is a type of bone cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After phagocytosis, macrophages and dendritic cells can also participate in antigen presentation, a process in which a phagocyte moves parts of the ingested material back to its surface. --EOI-- After phagocytosis, macrophages and dendritic cells can also do antigen presentation: this is when the phagocyte moves parts of the killed bacteria back to its surface. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When phagocytes come into contact with bacteria, the receptors on the phagocyte's surface will bind to them. This binding will lead to the engulfing of the bacteria by the phagocyte. --EOI-- When bacteria touch a phagocyte, they bind to the receptors on the phagocyte and are consumed (phagocytosed). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Due to its fast speed, Georgette could n't maintain a closed circulation, and the tropical storm degenerated into a non-cyclonic disturbance. --EOI-- Due to its fast speed, Georgette could not maintain a closed circulation, and the tropical storm degenerated into a non-cyclonic disturbance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although the fossil's skull is squashed flat, its teeth, tiny foot bones, cartilages and even its fur are visible. --EOI-- Although the fossil's skull is squashed flat, its teeth, tiny foot bones, cartilages and even its fur are visible. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They go on adventures such as going to the hospital which Freak claims has a secret department called the "Bionics Department " which has had his brain cat scanned to be fitted into a bionic body. --EOI-- They go on adventures such as going to the hospital which Freak claims has a secret department called the "Bionics Department " which has had his brain cat scanned to be fitted into an artificial body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Kane gives up on training Max to be his obedient assistant and tries to kill him by strangling him, but Freak arrives just in time and saves Max by squirting Kane with a squirt gun in the eye which he claims is filled with sulfuric acid when in fact, it is filled with soap, vinegar, and curry powder. --EOI-- Kane gives up on training Max to be his obedient assistant and tries to kill him, but Freak arrives just in time and saves Max by squirting Kane with a squirt gun he claims is filled with sulfuric acid when in fact, it is filled with soap, vinegar, and curry powder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The upper side of the fore wings is dark brownish-black sometimes having a patch of orange. The hind wing is orange with a broad dark brownish-black band surrounding the orange area completely. --EOI-- The upper side of the top wing is dark brown, sometimes having orange on it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As such, it is located at the roof of the nose, between the two orbits. --EOI-- As such, it is located at the roof of the nose, between the two orbits. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ethmoid bone (from Greek ethmos, "sieve ") is a bone in the skull that separates the nasal cavity from the brain. --EOI-- The ethmoid bone (from Greek ethmos, "sieve ") is a bone in the skull that separates the nasal cavity from the brain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Taricha newts of western North America are particularly toxic. The Rough-skinned newt Taricha granulosa of the Pacific Northwest produces more than enough tetrodotoxin to kill an adult human, and some Native Americans of the Pacific Northwest used the toxin to poison their enemies. --EOI-- Taricha newts of western North America are particularly toxic; the Rough-skinned newt Taricha granulosa of the Pacific Northwest produces more than enough tetrodotoxin to kill an adult human. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This core may consist of steel, but also of natural fibers such as sisal, manila, henequen, jute, or hemp. --EOI-- This core may consist of steel, but also of natural fibers such as sisal, manila, henequen, jute, or hemp. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Antimony and many of its compounds are toxic, and the effects of antimony poisoning are similar to arsenic poisoning. --EOI-- Antimony is toxic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The bulk of Colbert's estate was left to a friend, Helen O'Hagan, a retired director of corporate relations at Saks Fifth Avenue, whom Colbert had met in 1961 on the set of the her last film and who cared for Colbert following her 1993 strokes. --EOI-- According to an article published in the 10 August 1996 issue of the Cincinnati Post, the childless Colbert left most of her estate, estimated at$ 3.5 million and including her Manhattan apartment and her home in Barbados, to a friend, Helen O'Hagan (1931â "), a retired director of corporate relations at Saks Fifth Avenue, whom Colbert had met in 1961 on the set of Parrish, the actress's last film. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Influenza, commonly referred to as the flu, is an infectious disease caused by RNA viruses of the family Orthomyxoviridae (the influenza viruses), that affects birds and mammals. --EOI-- It is caused by several different viruses (see: RNA virus), which is why people can have the flu more than once.. The name influenza comes from, meaning "influence ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- The main variants named using this convention are: Bird Flu, Human Flu, Swine Flu, Horse Flu and Dog Flu. --EOI-- Although information is still coming out about Swine Flu, so far it does not seem to be as severe as Bird Flu or the flu that caused the Influenza Pandemic of 1918 (also known as Spanish Flu), but it is much too early to predict whether it will cause the next flu pandemic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The epithelium of the glans penis is mucocutaneous tissue. Birley et al. report that excessive washing with soap may dry the mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and cause non-specific dermatitis. --EOI-- The epithelium of the glans penis is moist and washing it too much can dry the mucous membrane that covers the glans penis and cause dermatitis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The glans penis (or simply glans) is the sensitive bulbous structure at the distal end of the penis. The glans penis is anatomically homologous to the clitoral glans of the female. --EOI-- The glans penis (or just glans) is the sensitive tip of the penis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- C. perfringens is ever present in nature and can be found as a normal component of decaying vegetation, marine sediment, the intestinal tract of humans and other vertebrates, insects, and soil. --EOI-- C. perfringens is ubiquitous in nature and can be found as a normal component of decaying vegetation, marine sediment, the intestinal tract of humans and other vertebrates, insects, and soil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Her most famous role was that of Lady Macbeth; it was the grandeur of her emotions as she expressed Lady Macbeth's murderous passions that held her audiences spellbound. --EOI-- Her most famous role was that of Lady Macbeth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The white fillets (a little like marinated herrings) are sold in heavy salt, or the more popular garlic or tomato oil and vinegar marinade packs. --EOI-- The white fillets (a little like marinated herrings) are sold in heavy salt, or the more popular garlic or tomato oil and vinegar marinade packs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As an ice crystal forms, it stays pure: only molecules of water join the growing crystal, while impurities like salt or cyanide are excluded. --EOI-- As an ice crystal forms, it stays pure: only molecules of water join the growing crystal, while impurities like salt or cyanide are excluded. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One such approach, successfully attempted by Craig Venter and others at The Institute for Genomic Research, involves engineering existing prokaryotic cells with progressively fewer genes, attempting to discern at which point the most minimal requirements for life were reached. --EOI-- One such approach, attempted by Craig Venter and others at The Institute for Genomic Research, involves engineering existing prokaryotic cells with progressively fewer genes, attempting to discern at which point the most minimal requirements for life were reached. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The main idea in this theory is that the molecular composition of the lipid bodies is the preliminary way for information storage, and evolution led to the appearance of polymer entities such as RNA or DNA that may store information favorably. --EOI-- The main idea in this theory is that the molecular composition of the lipid bodies is the preliminary way for information storage, and evolution led to the appearance of polymer entities such as RNA or DNA that may store information favorably. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A 2001 experiment led by Jason Dworkin subjected a frozen mixture of water, methanol, ammonia and carbon monoxide to UV radiation, mimicking conditions found in an extraterrestrial environment. --EOI-- A recent experiment led by Jason Dworkin, subjected a frozen mixture of water, methanol, ammonia and carbon monoxide to UV radiation, mimicking conditions found in an extraterrestrial environment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A key issue seems to be that calcium reacts with soluble phosphate to form insoluble calcium phosphate (apatite), so some plausible mechanism must be found to keep calcium ions from causing precipitation of phosphate. --EOI-- A key issue seems to be that calcium reacts with soluble phosphate to form insoluble calcium phosphate (apatite), so some plausible mechanism must be found to keep calcium ions from causing precipitation of phosphate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The key enzyme of this pathway, carbon monoxide dehydrogenase\/acetyl-CoA synthase harbors mixed nickel-iron-sulfur clusters in its reaction centers and catalyses the formation of acetyl-CoA (which may be regarded as a modern form of acetyl-thiol) in a single step. --EOI-- The key enzyme of this pathway, carbon monoxide dehydrogenase\/acetyl-CoA synthase harbors mixed nickel-iron-sulfur clusters in its reaction centers and catalyses the formation of acetyl-CoA (which may be regarded as a modern form of acetyl-thiol) in a single step. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1861, Louis Pasteur performed a series of experiments which demonstrated that organisms such as bacteria and fungi do not spontaneously appear in sterile, nutrient-rich media. --EOI-- Yet it was not until 1861 that Louis Pasteur performed a series of careful experiments. With these experiments, Pasteur proved that organisms such as bacteria and fungi do not appear in nutrient-rich media of their own accord in non-living material. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Such a protective function would have been vital for life on the early Earth, since the ozone layer, which blocks out the sun's most destructive UV rays, did not form until after photosynthetic life began to produce oxygen. --EOI-- Such a protective function would have been vital for life on the early Earth, since the ozone layer, which blocks out the sun's most destructive UV rays, did not form until after photosynthetic life began to produce oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gold's theory is that flow of food is due to out-gassing of primordial methane from the Earth's mantle; more conventional explanations of the food supply of deep microbes (away from sedimentary carbon compounds) is that the organisms subsist on hydrogen released by an interaction between water and (reduced) iron compounds in rocks. --EOI-- Gold's theory is that flow of food is due to out-gassing of primordial methane from the Earth's mantle; more conventional explanations of the food supply of deep microbes (away from sedimentary carbon compounds) is that the organisms subsist on hydrogen released by an interaction between water and (reduced) iron compounds in rocks --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, instead of the reductive citric acid cycle, the "open " acetyl-CoA pathway (another one of the five recognized ways of carbon dioxide fixation in nature today) would be compatible with the idea of self-organisation on a metal sulfide surface. --EOI-- For example, instead of the reductive citric acid cycle, the "open " acetyl-CoA pathway (another one of the four recognized ways of carbon dioxide fixation in nature today) would be even more compatible with the idea of self-organisation on a metal sulfide surface. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some of these postulate the early appearance of nucleic acids ( "genes-first ") whereas others postulate the evolution of biochemical reactions and pathways first ( "metabolism-first "). --EOI-- Some of these postulate the early appearance of nucleic acids ( "genes-first ") whereas others postulate the evolution of biochemical reactions and pathways first ( "metabolism-first "). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Magnesium compounds are used medicinally as common laxatives, antacids (i.e., milk of magnesia), and in a number of situations where stabilization of abnormal nerve excitation and blood vessel spasm is required (i.e., to treat eclampsia). --EOI-- (6) Magnesium compounds are used medicinally as common laxatives, antacids (i.e., milk of magnesia), and in a number of situations where stabilization of abnormal nerve excitation and blood vessel spasm is required (i.e., to treat eclampsia). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Magnesium ions are sour to the taste, and in low concentrations help to impart a natural tartness to fresh mineral waters. --EOI-- Magnesium ions are sour to the taste, and in low concentrations help to impart a natural tartness to fresh mineral waters. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lead (IV) acetate or lead tetraacetate is a chemical compound with chemical formula Pb (C2H3O2) 4 and is a lead salt of acetic acid. --EOI-- Lead (IV) acetate, also known as plumbic acetate, is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Pb (C2H3O2) 4. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lead (IV) acetate or lead tetraacetate is a chemical compound with chemical formula Pb (C2H3O2) 4 and is a lead salt of acetic acid. It is commercially available often stabilized with acetic acid. --EOI-- It can be made by reacting lead (II, IV) oxide with acetic acid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With a typical volume of 50-, ramekins are dishes commonly used for serving a variety of dishes such as crÃ me brÃ " lÃ e, French onion soup, Molten chocolate cake, moimoi, cheese or egg dishes, poi, potted shrimps, ice cream, soufflÃ, baked "cocottes ", crumbles, or scallops or used to serve side garnishes and condiments alongside an entree. --EOI-- Ramekins usually have a volume of 50-, and are dishes commonly used for serving a variety of dishes such as crÃ me brÃ " lÃ e, French onion soup, Molten chocolate cake, moimoi, cheese or egg dishes, poi, potted shrimps, ice cream, soufflÃ, baked "cocottes ", crumbles, or scallops or used to serve side garnishes and condiments alongside an entree. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Thebesian veins within the myocardium of the heart are valveless veins that drain directly into the chambers of the heart. The coronary veins all empty into the coronary sinus which empties into the right atrium. --EOI-- Other important veins are the coronary veins and renal veins. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the circulatory system, veins (from the Latin vena) are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart. Most veins carry deoxygenated blood from the tissues back to the heart; exceptions are the pulmonary and umbilical veins, both of which carry oxygenated blood to the heart. --EOI-- All veins carry blood to the heart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Pulmonary veins The pulmonary veins are a set of veins that deliver oxygenated blood from the lungs to the heart. --EOI-- Veins carry blood to the heart and enter the heart through the vena cava. Other important veins are the coronary veins and renal veins. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the circulatory system, veins (from the Latin vena) are blood vessels that carry blood towards the heart. --EOI-- Veins carry blood to the heart and enter the heart through the vena cava. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Niacin is involved in both DNA repair, and the production of steroid hormones in the adrenal gland. --EOI-- Other functions of niacin include removing toxic chemicals from the body, and helping with the production of steroid hormones made by the adrenal gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mild niacin deficiency has been shown to slow metabolism, causing decreased tolerance to cold. --EOI-- A mild deficiency will slow down the metabolism, causing decreased tolerance to cold. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It also tends to occur in areas where people eat maize (corn, the only grain low in niacin) as a staple food. --EOI-- Dietary niacin deficiency tends to occur only in areas where people eat corn (maize), the only grain low in niacin, as a staple food, and that do not use lime during meal\/flour production. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the biological significance of nicotinic acid was realized, it was thought appropriate to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine, to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contains nicotine, or that cigarettes contain vitamins. --EOI-- When the properties of nicotinic acid were discovered, it was thought prudent to choose a name to dissociate it from nicotine, in order to avoid the perception that vitamins or niacin-rich food contain nicotine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is likely that Oviraptor did have a crest, but its exact size and shape are unknown due to crushing in the skull of the only recognized specimen. --EOI-- It is likely that Oviraptor did have a crest, but its exact size and shape are unknown due to crushing in the skull of the only recognized specimen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- M. tuberculosis, then known as the tubercle bacillus, was first described on 24 March 1882 by Robert Koch, who subsequently received the Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine for this discovery in 1905; the bacterium is also known as Koch's bacillus. --EOI-- M. tuberculosis then known as the "tubercle bacillus, " was first described on March 24, 1882 by Robert Koch, the bacterium is also known as Koch's bacillus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Recent studies in neuroscience have indicated that as people fall in love, the brain consistently releases a certain set of chemicals, including pheromones, dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin, which act in a manner similar to amphetamines, stimulating the brain's pleasure center and leading to side effects such as increased heart rate, loss of appetite and sleep, and an intense feeling of excitement. --EOI-- Recent studies in neuroscience say that as people fall in love, the brain releases chemicals, including dopamine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- En route, MomotarÅ met and befriended a talking dog, monkey, and pheasant, who agreed to help him in his quest. --EOI-- On his way, MomotarÅ met and became friends with a talking dog, monkey, and pheasant, who agreed to help him in his mission. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stone Temple Pilots, often abbreviated to STP, is an American rock band from San Diego, California that consists of Scott Weiland (lead vocals), brothers Robert DeLeo (bass guitar, vocals) and Dean DeLeo (guitar), and Eric Kretz (drums, percussion). --EOI-- The band has Scott Weiland (vocals), brothers Robert (bass guitar, vocals) and Dean DeLeo (guitar), and Eric Kretz (drums, percussion). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although whale sharks have very large mouths, they feed mainly, though not exclusively, on plankton, microscopic plants and animals, although the BBC program Planet Earth filmed a whale shark feeding on a school of small fish. --EOI-- Although whale sharks have very large mouths, they feed mainly, though not exclusively, on plankton, microscopic plants and animals. However, the BBC program Planet Earth filmed a whale shark feeding on a school of small fish. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Collagen constitutes 1% to 2% of muscle tissue, and accounts for 6% of the weight of strong, tendinous muscles. --EOI-- Collagen constitutes 1% to 2% of muscle tissue, and accounts for 6% of the weight of strong, tendinous muscles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Collagen, in the form of elongated fibrils, is mostly found in fibrous tissues such as tendon, ligament and skin, and is also abundant in cornea, cartilage, bone, blood vessels, the gut, and intervertebral disc. --EOI-- Collagen, in the form of elongated fibrils, is mostly found in fibrous tissues such as tendon, ligament and skin, and is also abundant in cornea, cartilage, bone, blood vessels, the gut, and intervertebral discs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Wind shear affects sailboats in motion by presenting a different wind speed and direction at different heights along the mast. The effect of low level wind shear can be factored into the selection of sail twist in the sail design, but this can be difficult to predict since wind shear may vary widely in different weather conditions. --EOI-- Wind shear can be divided into two different types: horiztontal and vertical wind shear. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hurricane Vince's impressive organization was very short lived as westerly wind shear began to erode the eye within hours. --EOI-- Hurricane Vince quickly began to weaken because wind shear began to erode it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In two days the storm brought more rain to the province of A CoruÃ a than had fallen all summer, easing the sinking water levels in provincial reservoirs, but also causing traffic jams and minor floods. --EOI-- In two days the storm brought a lot of rain to the province of A CoruÃ a. This eased the sinking water levels in the reservoirs. But this also caused bad traffic and small floods. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although Hurricane Vince developed in an unusual location in the northeastern Atlantic, well away from where tropical cyclones are usually found, it is neither the most northerly-forming nor the most easterly-forming Atlantic tropical storm; these records are held by Alberto of the 1988 season at 41.5Â N, and Ginger of the 1967 season at 18.1Â W, respectively. --EOI-- Tropical Storm Alberto of the 1988 season formed farther north than any other storm, at 41.5Â N. Also, Hurricane Ginger of the 1967 season formed at 18.1Â W, the farthest east of any tropical cyclones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Forming in October during the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, the waters over which it developed were considered too cold for tropical development. --EOI-- It was part of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. The waters where it formed were thought to be too cold for tropical cyclones to exist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On October 5, an operationally unnamed subtropical storm which had gone unnoticed by the NHC was absorbed by a temperate frontal low, which was moving to the southeast over the Azores. The low pressure system gained a more concentrated circulation and lost its frontal structure after absorbing the subtropical storm. --EOI-- On October 5, a storm now known as the 2005 Azores subtropical storm was absorbed by another low pressure area. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its transformation to a tropical system occurred over water cooler than 24Â C (75Â F), much colder than the 26.5Â C (80Â F) usually required for tropical development. --EOI-- It became a tropical storm the next day in water cooler than 24Â C (75Â F), colder than the 26.5Â C (80Â F) usually needed for tropical storms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The entrance of the University of A CoruÃ a was temporarily blocked by flood waters on October 11, and a nearby roundabout was submerged. --EOI-- It was blocked by flood waters on October 11. A nearby roundabout was submerged. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A storage area network (SAN) is a dedicated storage network that provides access to consolidated, block level storage. --EOI-- The contrast to this is Network Attached Storage. Network Attached Storage means attaching a computer with the storage to the network. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They are blind, their eyes having become reduced to vestigial lenses under the skin, and they have no external ears, just a pair of tiny holes hidden under thick hair. --EOI-- They are blind, their eyes having become reduced to vestigial lenses under the skin, and they have no external ears, just a pair of tiny holes hidden under thick hair. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Paraffin wax refers to a mixture of alkanes that falls within the 20â nâ 40 range; they are found in the solid state at room temperature and begin to enter the liquid phase past approximately 37Â C. --EOI-- Paraffin wax refers to the solids with n between 20 and 40, inclusive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition to the absence of jaws, modern agnathans are characterised by absence of paired fins; the presence of a notochord both in larvae and adults; and seven or more paired gill pouches. --EOI-- In addition to the absence of jaws, modern agnathans are characterised by absence of paired fins; the presence of a notochord both in larvae and adults; and seven or more paired gill pouches. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hagfish are not members of the subphylum Vertebrata, as hagfish do not have vertebrae; they are rather classified in the more inclusive group Craniata. --EOI-- Hagfish are not members of the subphylum Vertebrata, as hagfish do not have vertebrae; they are rather classified in the more inclusive group Craniata. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is a light sensitive pineal eye (homologous to the pineal gland in mammals). --EOI-- There is a light sensitive pineal eye (homologous to the pineal gland in mammals). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Non-traditional didgeridoos can also be made from PVC piping, non-native hard woods (typically split, hollowed and rejoined), glass, fiberglass, metal, agave, clay, hemp (a bioplastic named zelfo), and even carbon fiber. --EOI-- Didgeridoos can also be made from PVC pipes, non-native hard woods (which are split, hollowed and rejoined), fiberglass, metal, agave, clay, hemp (a bioplastic named zelfo), and even carbon fiber. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This requires breathing in through the nose whilst simultaneously expelling stored air out of the mouth using the tongue and cheeks. --EOI-- This means a player breathes in through the nose at the same time as pushing stored air out of the mouth using the tongue and cheeks. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A 2005 study in the British Medical Journal found that learning and practicing the didgeridoo helped reduce snoring and sleep apnea by strengthening muscles in the upper airway, thus reducing their tendency to collapse during sleep. --EOI-- A 2005 study in the British Medical Journal found that learning and playing the didgeridoo helped reduce snoring and sleep apnea. It does this by making muscles in the upper airway stronger, and this helps them stay open during sleep. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In others, the fire climax pines (e.g. Monterey Pine, Pond Pine), the seeds are stored in closed ( "serotinous ") cones for many years until a forest fire kills the parent tree; the cones are also opened by the heat and the stored seeds are then released in huge numbers to re-populate the burnt ground. --EOI-- In others, the fire climax pines (e.g. Monterey Pine, Pond Pine), the seeds are stored in closed cones for many years until a forest fire kills the parent tree; the cones are opened by the heat and the stored seeds are then released in huge numbers to re-populate the burnt ground. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Each cone has numerous spirally arranged scales, with two seeds on each fertile scale; the scales at the base and tip of the cone are small and sterile, without seeds. --EOI-- Each cone has numerous spirally arranged scales, with two seeds on each fertile scale; the scales at the base and tip of the cone are small and sterile, without seeds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- San Andreas is serviced by eleven radio stations; WCTR (talk radio), Master Sounds 98.3 (rare groove, playing many of the old funk and soul tracks sampled by 1990s hip-hop artists), K-Jah West (dub and reggae; modeled after K-Jah from GTA III), CSR (New Jack Swing, Modern Soul), Radio X (alternative rock, metal and grunge), Radio Los Santos (gangsta rap), SF-UR (old school Chicago house music), Bounce FM (funk), K-DST (classic rock), K-Rose (country) and Playback FM (classic hip hop). --EOI-- K-DST (Classic rock), Playback FM (Old school Hip-Hop), K-Rose (Country), Bounce FM (Funk), K-Jah West (Reggae and dub), Master Sounds 98.3 (Rare groove, jazz), CSR 103.9 (New Jack Swing and soul), Radio Los Santos (Gangsta Rap), SF-UR (House), and WCTR (News& entertainment). --separator-- --simplificataion-- John Marshall, one of the excavators at Mohenjo-daro, described her as a young... girl, her hand on her hip in a half-impudent posture, and legs slightly forward as she beats time to the music with her legs and feet. --EOI-- John Marshall, one of the excavators at Mohenjo-daro, described her as a vivid impression of the young... girl, her hand on her hip in a half-impudent posture, and legs slightly forward as she beats time to the music with her legs and feet. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The line-up included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar, Jeff Ament on bass guitar (both ex-members of Mother Love Bone), Mike McCready on lead guitar, Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder providing lead and backing vocals. --EOI-- Members of the band included Stone Gossard on rhythm guitar, Jeff Ament on bass guitar (both ex-members of Mother Love Bone), Mike McCready on lead guitar, Matt Cameron on drums and Eddie Vedder, providing backing vocals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Horseshoe Falls, which are approximately 2600 f wide, have also changed their shape through the process of erosion; evolving from a small arch, to a horseshoe bend, to the present day gigantic inverted V. Just upstream from the falls' current location, Goat Island splits the course of the Niagara River, resulting in the separation of the Canadian Horseshoe Falls to the west from the American and Bridal Veil Falls to the east. --EOI-- The Horseshoe Falls are the largest out of the three falls. It is named the Horseshoe Falls because it looks like a horseshoe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Along with the hip bones is the Sacrum, the upper-middle part of the pelvis, which connects the spine (backbone) to the pelvis. --EOI-- Many people think of the pelvis as the hip bone, because it is located at the hip. The pelvis is at the lower end of the spine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aquarius is available in the following flavors: Carrot Orange, Citrus Blend, Grapefruit, Honey Lemon, Lemon, Orange, Watermelon and Coca-Cola. --EOI-- Flavors include carrot orange, citrus, honey lemon, lemon, orange, watermelon, and Coca-cola. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sixty-nine or 69, also known by its French name soixante-neuf (69), is a group of sex positions in which two people align themselves so that each person's mouth is near the other's genitals, simultaneously performing oral sex. --EOI-- 69 (or spelled sixty-nine) is a sex act in which two people align themselves so that each person's mouth is near the other's genitals, simultaneously performing oral sex. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since the discovery of penicillin in 1928 by Alexander Fleming, antibiotics have been used to fight bacterial diseases. --EOI-- Since the discovery of penicillin in 1928 by Alexander Fleming, antibiotics have been used to fight bacterial diseases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is an example of what is known as an evolutionary arms race, in which bacteria continue to develop strains that are less susceptible to antibiotics, while medical researchers continue to develop new antibiotics that can kill them. --EOI-- This leads to what is known as an evolutionary arms race, or co-evolution, in which bacteria continue to develop strains that are less susceptible to antibiotics, while medical researchers continue to develop new antibiotics that can kill them. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A similar situation occurs with pesticide resistance in plants and insects. --EOI-- A similar situation occurs with pesticide resistance in plants and insects, and with malarial resistance to quinine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the exposure to antibiotics is short, these individuals will survive the treatment. --EOI-- If the exposure to antibiotics is short, these individuals will survive the treatment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When exposed to antibiotics, most bacteria die quickly, but some may have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible. --EOI-- When exposed to antibiotics, most bacteria die quickly, but some may have mutations that make them slightly less susceptible. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term comes from the organ for its ability to sustain a note indefinitely and the tendency for such notes to be played on an organ's pedal keyboard. The pedal keyboard on an organ is played by the feet; as such, the organist can hold down a pedal point for lengthy periods while both hands perform higher-register music on the manual keyboards. --EOI-- They are called "pedal " notes because they are often heard in organ music where the player puts one of his feet on a pedal note and holds it there. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The skills consist of various combinations of somersaults, shaped bounces, body landings and twists performed in various body positions such as the tuck, pike or straight position. --EOI-- The skills consist of various combinations of somersaults, shaped bounces, body landings and twists performed in various body positions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It includes angelica, anise, arracacha, asafoetida, caraway, carrot, celery, centella asiatica, chervil, cicely, coriander\/cilantro, cumin, dill, fennel, hemlock, lovage, Queen Anne's Lace, parsley, parsnip, sea holly, the now extinct silphium, and other relatives. --EOI-- It includes cumin, parsley, carrot, coriander\/cilantro, dill, caraway, fennel, parsnip, celery, Queen Anne's Lace and other relatives. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Unlike many other cephalopods, they do not have good vision; their eye structure is highly developed but lacks a solid lens. --EOI-- Unlike other cephalopods, they do not have good vision; their eye structure is highly developed but lacks a solid lens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The shell is coiled, aragonitic, nacreous and pressure resistant, imploding at a depth of about 800 m. The nautilus shell is composed of 2 layers: a matte white outer layer, and a striking white iridescent inner layer. --EOI-- The shell is coiled, calcareous, mother-of-pearl-lined and pressure resistant. It will implode at a depth of about 800 m. The nautilus shell is made of 2 layers: the outer layer is a matte white, while the inner layer is a striking white with iridescence. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The candy shells, each of which has the letter "m " printed in lower case on one side, surround a variety of fillings, including milk chocolate, dark chocolate, crisped rice, mint chocolate, peanuts, almonds, orange chocolate, coconut, pretzel, wild cherry, and peanut butter. --EOI-- They also come in different flavors such as milk chocolate, dark chocolate, mint chocolate, peanuts, almonds, orange chocolate, coconut, and peanut butter. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Forrest Mars, Sr., the founder of the Mars Company, got the idea for the confection in the 1930s during the Spanish Civil War when he saw soldiers eating chocolate pellets with a hard shell of tempered chocolate surrounding the inside, preventing the candies from melting. --EOI-- He saw soldiers eating chocolate pellets with hard chocolate shells. He decided to make his own chocolate candies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other arthritis forms are rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and related autoimmune diseases. Septic arthritis is caused by joint infection. --EOI-- Other forms of arthritis include Rheumatoid arthritis (which causes the bodyâ s immune system to attack the bones), psoriatic arthritis, and septic arthritis (when an area is invaded by bacteria). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sarah Chalke (; born August 27, 1976) is a Canadian actress known for portraying Dr. Elliot Reid on the NBC\/ABC comedy Scrubs, "Second Becky " Conner Healy on Roseanne, and Stella Zinman in the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother. --EOI-- Sarah Louise Christine Chalke (born August 27, 1976) is a Canadian-American actress most famous for her role as Elliot Reid on Scrubs and Becky Conner on Roseanne. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ichthyosaurus ear bones were solid, probably transferring water vibrations to the inner ear. --EOI-- Ichthyosaurus ear bones were solid, probably transferring water vibrations to the inner ear. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Southern Railway (SR) gave the designation CP to the fleet of AC electric multiple units used on the former London, Brighton and South Coast Railway lines in the Crystal Palace area. --EOI-- The Southern Railway (SR) gave the designation CP to the fleet of AC electric multiple units used on the former London, Brighton and South Coast Railway lines in the Crystal Palace area. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Legend has it that Florida's Beach community of Indian Rocks Beach got its name when a native medicine man miraculously healed his chief with the waters from a natural sulfur spring believed to have been located in Kolb Park across from Indian Rocks Beach City Hall. --EOI-- Indian Rocks Beach is a city of Florida in the United States. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, in Romania, Bulgaria, Serbia, Macedonia, India, Bosnia and Herzegovina and some other countries, there is "Fanta Shokata " (a wordplay between "soc "- elderberry in Romanian- and "shock ") based on the elderflower blossoms extract drink, traditional in Romania (where it's called SocatÄ), Bulgaria, Macedonia, Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and other Balkan countries. --EOI-- For example, in Romania (and some other countries), there is "Fanta Shokata " based on the traditional Romanian drink "SocatÄ ". This drink is made from elderflower. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The categories are amputee, Cerebral Palsy, intellectual disability, wheelchair, visually impaired, and Les Autres (literally "The Others ", which are athletes with disabilities that do n't fall into the other five categories; these include dwarfism, multiple sclerosis, and congenital deformities). --EOI-- The categories are amputee, Cerebral Palsy, intellectual disability, wheelchair, visually impaired, and Les Autres (literally "The Others ", which are athletes with disabilities that do n't fall into the other five categories.) --separator-- --simplificataion-- Service Pack 3 contains updates to the operating system components of Windows XP Media Center Edition (MCE) and Windows XP Tablet PC Edition, and security updates for. --EOI-- In addition, Windows XP Media Center Edition is for people who edit videos and pictures a lot. Another special version of XP is called the Tablet PC Edition, for pen-based laptops. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thus, alpha particles may be loosely used as a term when referring to stellar helium nuclei reactions (for example the alpha processes), and even when they occur as components of cosmic rays. However, helium nuclei produced by particle accelerators (cyclotrons, synchrotrons, and the like) are less likely to be referred to as "alpha particles " because the high energies produced by these sources highlights the striking difference in behavior of their particles from the classical alpha particles produced (and originally defined) by the process of radioactive alpha decay. --EOI-- Radioactive elements give out alpha particles when they go through a kind of radioactive decay, known as alpha decay. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Examples of this are when uranium becomes thorium, or radium becomes radon gas due to alpha decay. --EOI-- Alpha decay usually happens in heavy elements, those containing more neutrons and protons, such as uranium, thorium, plutonium, and radium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Alpha particles (named after and denoted by the first letter in the Greek alphabet,Î) consist of two protons and two neutrons bound together into a particle identical to a helium nucleus, which is produced in the process of alpha decay. --EOI-- An alpha particle is made up of two protons and two neutrons. It is a kind of helium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Infants with this disease seem healthy at birth but if left untreated suffer severe brain damage and eventually die. --EOI-- Infants with this disease seem healthy at birth. If the disease is not treated, the person will suffer severe brain damage and eventually die. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is said she had a projecting tooth under the upper lip, and on her right hand six fingers. --EOI-- She had a projecting tooth under the upper lip, and on her right hand six fingers (which historians now say is not true). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Venetian diarist Marino Sanuto, who saw Anne when Henry VIII met Francis I at Calais in October 1532, described her as "not one of the handsomest women in the world; she is of middling stature, swarthy complexion, long neck, wide mouth, bosom not much raised... eyes, which are black and beautiful ". --EOI-- The Venetian diarist Marino Sanuto described Anne as "not one of the handsomest women in the world; she is of middling stature, swarthiness complexion, long neck, wide mouth, bosom not much raised... eyes, which are black and beautiful ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- The earthquake occurred at 11:15 a.m.; it destroyed Villa del Rosario, San Antonio del Tachira and Capacho, seriously damaged the Venezuelan settlements of San CristÃ bal, La Mulata, Rubio, Michelena, La Grita and ColÃ n (among others), and was felt in BogotÃ and Caracas. --EOI-- It completely destroyed CÃ cuta, Villa del Rosario, San Antonio del Tachira and Capacho also causing serious damages in the Venezuelan populations of San CristÃ bal, La Mulata, Rubio, Michelena, La Grita, ColÃ n, among others and was felt in Bogota and Caracas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Jacob and Monod made key experimental and theoretical discoveries that demonstrated that in the case of the lactose system outlined above (in the bacterium E. coli), there are specific proteins that are devoted to repressing the transcription of the DNA to its product (RNA, which in turn is decoded into protein). --EOI-- Jacob and Monod demonstrated that, in the bacterium E. coli), there are specific proteins that repress the transcription of the DNA to its product (RNA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the relatively simple genome of baker's yeast, (saccharomyces cerevisiae), 405 of its 6,419 protein-encoding genes are directly involved in transcriptional control, compared to 1,938 that are enzymes. --EOI-- In the relatively simple genome of baker's yeast, (Saccharomyces cerevisiae), 405 of its 6,419 protein-encoding genes are directly involved in transcriptional control, compared to 1,938 that are enzymes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Approximately 120 municipalities were affected by the torrential rain, but the majority of the damage was concentrated to eight of them: MartÃ nez de la Torre, Misantla, Nautla, San Rafael, Vega de la Torre, Actopan, Cardel andÃ rsulo GalvÃ n. Damage to the highway infrastructure was estimated at$ 33 million (2005 USD). --EOI-- An estimated 120 citites were affected by the rains, but the majority of the damage was limited to eight of them: MartÃ nez de la Torre, Misantla, Nautla, San Rafael, Vega de la Torre, Actopan, Cardel andÃ rsulo GalvÃ n. Damage to the highway infrastructure was estimated at$ 33 million (2005 USD). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition over 420 square kilometers (103 thousand acres) of various crops, including sugar cane, corn and bananas, were flooded. --EOI-- In addition, over 420 square kilometres (103 thousand acres) of various crops, including sugar cane, corn and bananas, were flooded. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Publicly Perform " means to perform public recitations of the Work and to communicate to the public those public recitations, by any means or process, including by wire or wireless means or public digital performances; to make available to the public Works in such a way that members of the public may access these Works from a place and at a place individually chosen by them; to perform the Work to the public by any means or process and the communication to the public of the performances of the Work, including by public digital performance; to broadcast and rebroadcast the Work by any means including signs, sounds or images. --EOI-- j. "Publicly Perform " means to perform public recitations of the Work and to communicate to the public those public recitations, by any means or process, including by wire or wireless means or public digital performances; to make available to the public Works in such a way that members of the public may access these Works from a place and at a place individually chosen by them; to perform the Work to the public by any means or process and the communication to the public of the performances of the Work, including by public digital performance; to broadcast and rebroadcast the Work by any means including signs, sounds or images. --separator-- --simplificataion-- KMYS in San Antonio, which picked up the CW affiliation in 2010, has decided to air the block during early Sunday morning and early Monday morning (split into a two-hour and three-hour block) airing before 5am due to its previous commitment of airing Fox's Weekend Marketplace infomercial block on Saturday mornings (a holdover from its MyNetworkTV affiliation), along with already existing religious and paid programming on Sunday mornings; this by default will force most younger viewers of the block in that market to record it overnight for later viewing. --EOI-- KMYS in San Antonio, currently the newest CW affiliate has decided to air the block during early Sunday morning and early Monday morning (split into a two-hour and three-hour block) airing before 5am due to its previous commitment of airing Fox's Weekend Marketplace infomercial block on Saturday mornings (a holdover from its MyNetworkTV affiliation), along with already existing religious and paid programming on Sunday mornings; this by default will force most younger viewers of the block in that market to record it overnight for later viewing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is whitish-gray, with a black head, red crown patch, black upper neck and legs, and white patch to the rear of the eye. --EOI-- It is whitish-gray crane with a black head, red crown patch, black upper neck and legs, and white patch to the rear of the eye. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Metric received their first major public exposure in August 2001 with the television commercial "Be Afraid ", advertising Polaroid's I-Zone Pocket Fortune film. --EOI-- Metric was heard for the first time by many in August 2001 with the advertisement "Be Afraid ", advertising Polaroid's I-Zone Pocket Fortune film. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The music used for the ad was taken from the song "Grow Up and Blow Away ", with the line "Why does it feel so good to die today? " --EOI-- The music used for the advertisement was taken from the song "Grow Up and Blow Away ", with the line "Why does it feel so good to die today? " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Haines and Shaw completed the album in April and by this time had found a new label for their releaseâ "Restless Recordsâ "the L.A. indie record company that promoted such acts as They Might Be Giants, Agent Orange, and The Dead Milkmen. --EOI--  "Parkdale ", Haines and Shaw finished the CD in April and by this time had found a new labelâ " Restless Records, the L.A. indie record company that supported They Might Be Giants, Agent Orange, and The Dead Milkmen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The album under construction included commercial-friendly uptempo songs such as the title track "Grow Up and Blow Away ", "Raw Sugar ", and "Soft Rock Star " (distinguished by a vaguely Beatlesque melody, high-pitched singing in the chorus, and lyrics evoking middle school angst), downtempo songs like "White Gold ", "The Twist ", and "Rock Me Now " (which included singing by Shaw, spoken-word vocals by Haines in a manner reminiscent of "The Mandate ", and had an overall jazzy vibe). --EOI-- The album under construction included uptempo songs such as the title track "Grow Up and Blow Away ", "Raw Sugar ", and "Soft Rock Star ", and downtempo songs like "White Gold ", "The Twist ", and "Rock Me Now ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like some others of its kind Glaucus does not digest the nematocysts; instead, it uses them to defend itself by passing them from its gut to the surface of its skin. --EOI-- Like some others of its kind Glaucus does not digest the nematocysts; instead, it uses them to defend itself by passing them from its gut to the surface of its skin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This predatory mollusk sucks air into its stomach to keep it afloat and using its muscular foot it clings to the surface film. --EOI-- This predatory mollusc sucks air into its stomach to keep it afloat and using its muscular foot it clings to the surface film. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Michaels used the momentum to take advantage inside the ring, delivering a snapmare and then a low kick to the grounded Austin but as he took time to offend the audience Stone Cold briefly picked up some speed throwing Michaels out of the ring but just as quickly lost ground as his opponent repeatedly worked on Austin's left knee, throwing it into the ring post and then kicking and dropping onto it back inside the ring. --EOI-- Michaels used the momentum to take advantage inside the ring, delivering a snapmare and then a low kick to the grounded Austin but as he took time to offend the audience Stone Cold briefly picked up some speed throwing Michaels out of the ring but just as quickly lost ground as his opponent repeatedly worked on Austin's left knee, throwing it into the ring post and then kicking and dropping onto it back inside the ring. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hart suffered a cut to the bridge of his nose from a boot to the face, after which Triple H began to work on Hart's damaged ankle, dropping his knee onto it and stretching it. --EOI-- Hart suffered a cut to the bridge of his nose from a boot to the face, after which Triple H began to only attack Hart's damaged ankle, dropping his knee onto it and stretching it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Shamrock pushed out of the pin count and quickly gained the advantage, delivering a belly to belly slam off an Irish whip and then securing his ankle lock in the center of the ring, making The Rock tap. --EOI-- Shamrock pushed out of the pin count and quickly gained the advantage, delivering a belly to belly slam off an Irish whip and then securing his ankle lock in the center of the ring, making The Rock tap. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As Lolita and Humbert drive westward again, Humbert gets the feeling that their car is being tailed and he becomes increasingly paranoid, suspecting that Lolita is conspiring with others in order to escape. She falls ill and must convalesce in a hospital; Humbert stays in a nearby motel, without Lolita for the first time in years. --EOI-- The main character, Humbert Humbert, falls in love, and has sexual relations with a 12-year-old girl nicknamed Lolita. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The fruit of most species of Capsicum contains capsaicin (methyl vanillyl nonenamide), a lipophilic chemical that can produce a strong burning sensation in the mouth of the unaccustomed eater. --EOI-- The fruit of most species of Capsicum contains capsaicin. Capsaicin is a chemical that can produce a strong burning sensation in the mouth (and, if not properly digested, anus) of the unaccustomed eater. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although black pepper and Sichuan pepper cause similar burning sensations, they are caused by different substancesâ " piperine and hydroxy-alpha sanshool, respectively. --EOI-- Black pepper and Sichuan pepper cause similar burning sensations. These are caused they by different substances thoughâ " piperine and hydroxy-alpha-sanshool, respectively. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Insects can get trapped in spider webs, providing nutrition to the spider; however, not all spiders build webs to catch prey, and some do not build webs at all. The main difference between spider webs and cobwebs is that spider webs are still in use, while cobwebs are webs that have been abandoned. --EOI-- Most spider webs are very thin, but are also very strong. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Avian influenza virus H3N2 is endemic in pigs in China and has been detected in pigs in Vietnam, increasing fears of the emergence of new variant strains. --EOI-- The bird flu virus H3N2 is endemic in pigs in China. It has recently been found in pigs in Vietnam. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These strains, which include genes derived by reassortment from human, swine and avian viruses, have become a major cause of swine influenza in North America. --EOI-- This new strain appears to be a result of reassortment of human influenza and swine influenza viruses, presumably due to superinfection in an individual human. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These H5N1 infections may be quite common: in a survey of 10 apparently healthy pigs housed near poultry farms in West Java, where avian flu had broken out, five of the pig samples contained the H5N1 virus. --EOI-- Chairul Nidom, a virologist at Airlangga University's tropical disease center in Surabaya, East Java, did some independent research: he tested the blood of 10 apparently healthy pigs housed near poultry farms in West Java where avian flu had broken out, Nature reported. Five of the pig samples contained the H5N1 virus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Influenza B has not been reported in pigs. Within influenza A and influenza C, the strains found in pigs and humans are largely distinct, although because of reassortment there have been transfers of genes among strains crossing swine, avian, and human species boundaries. --EOI-- It resulted from a combination of several strains of influenza in humans and influenza in birds as well as swine influenza. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since the protective ability of influenza vaccines depends primarily on the closeness of the match between the vaccine virus and the epidemic virus, the presence of nonreactive H3N2 SIV variants suggests that current commercial vaccines might not effectively protect pigs from infection with a majority of H3N2 viruses. --EOI-- Since the protective ability of influenza vaccines depends primarily on the closeness of the match between the vaccine virus and the epidemic virus, the presence of non-reactive H3N2 SIV variants suggests that current commercial vaccines might not effectively protect pigs from infection with a majority of H3N2 viruses. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Prevention of human to human transmission Influenza spreads between humans when infected people cough or sneeze, then other people breathe in the virus or touch something with the virus on it and then touch their own face. "Avoid touching your eyes, nose or mouth. --EOI-- Another person then might touch the same thing with the virus on it and then touch their own nose or mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Of the 97 recent H3N2 isolates examined, only 41 isolates had strong serologic cross-reactions with antiserum to three commercial SIV vaccines. --EOI-- Of the 97 recent H3N2 isolates examined, only 41 isolates had strong serologic cross-reactions with antiserum to three commercial SIV vaccines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Swine influenza, also called pig influenza, swine flu, hog flu and pig flu, is an infection by any one of several types of swine influenza virus. --EOI-- The new strain of swine influenza A is called H1N1 is responsible for the swine flu outbreak in 2009 in humans. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because these symptoms are not specific to swine flu, a differential diagnosis of probable swine flu requires not only symptoms but also a high likelihood of swine flu due to the person's recent history. For example, during the 2009 swine flu outbreak in the United States, CDC advised physicians to "consider swine influenza infection in the differential diagnosis of patients with acute febrile respiratory illness who have either been in contact with persons with confirmed swine flu, or who were in one of the five U.S. states that have reported swine flu cases or in Mexico during the 7 days preceding their illness onset. " --EOI-- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), a United States government agency, reports that the symptoms and transmission of the swine flu from human to human is much like seasonal flu. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Swine influenza, also called pig influenza, swine flu, hog flu and pig flu, is an infection by any one of several types of swine influenza virus. Swine influenza virus (SIV) or S-OIV (swine-origin influenza virus) is any strain of the influenza family of viruses that is endemic in pigs. --EOI-- Swine influenza virus (often shortened to SIV or swine flu) is one of a number of viruses that are endemic to pigs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The video is 3 minutes and 51 seconds long, and cuts between shots of the band playing and shots of animals being saved or dying, if not already dead, from various environmental hazards caused by humans. --EOI-- The video is 3 minutes and 52 seconds long. It cuts between shots of the band playing and shots of animals being saved or dying, if not already dead. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The granules of certain cells, such as natural killer cells, contain components which can lead to the lysis of neighboring cells. --EOI-- The granules of certain cells, such as Natural killer cells, contain components which can lead to the lysis of neighboring cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its food is sought both on the ground and in trees and includes virtually all known types of plant and animal sources, such as acorns and beech mast, weed seeds, grain, fruits and other berries, peanuts, bread, meat, small invertebrates of many types, scraps in town parks, bird-table food and rarely eggs and nestlings. --EOI-- Its food is found both on the ground and in trees and has almost all known types of plant and animal sources, like acorns and beech mast, weed seeds, grain, fruits and other berries, peanuts, bread, meat, small invertebrates of many types, scraps in town parks, bird-table food and rarely eggs and nestlings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It flies with body and tail held level, with slow wing beats. --EOI-- It flies with its body and tail held level, with slow wing beats. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Pioneer plaques are a pair of gold-anodized aluminium plaques which were placed on board the 1972 Pioneer 10 and 1973 Pioneer 11 spacecraft, featuring a pictorial message, in case either Pioneer 10 or 11 are intercepted by extraterrestrial life. --EOI-- The Pioneer Plaques were a pair of plaques that were launched into deep space on pioneer 10 and pioneer 11. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A mood stabilizer is a psychiatric medication used to treat mood disorders characterized by intense and sustained mood shifts, typically bipolar disorder. --EOI-- A mood stabilizer is a psychiatric medication used to treat mood disorders characterized by fast and unstable mood changes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Advanced features that ties it in with the reptilian rather than amphibian group is unfused ankle bones, lack of labyrinthodont infolding of the dentin, a lack of an otic notch and a generally small skull. --EOI-- Advanced features that ties it in with the amniote rather than amphibian group is unfused ankle bones, lack of labyrinthodont infolding of the dentine in teeth, a lack of an otic notch and a generally small skull. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Coca is best known throughout the world because of its alkaloids, which include cocaine, a powerful stimulant. --EOI-- Coca leaves contain cocaine alkaloids, a basis for the drug cocaine, which is a powerful stimulant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The core of the Regional Rail system is the Center City Commuter Connection composed of three Center City stations in the "tunnel " corridor: the above-ground upper level of 30th Street Station; and the underground Suburban Station; and Market East Station. --EOI-- The Center City Commuter Connection connects the thirteen lines. The core stations in the CCCC are Suburban Station, the elevated 30th Street Station and Market East Station. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Drug rehabilitation aims to break this cycle of dependency, through a combination of psychotherapy, support groups and even other psychoactive substances such as acamprosate or naltrexone in the treatment of alcoholism, or methadone or buprenorphine maintenance therapy in the case of opioid dependency. --EOI-- Drug rehabilitation aims to break this cycle of dependency; this is done with psychotherapy, support groups and even other psychoactive substances: Acamprosate or naltrexone are examples of substances used to treat alcoholism, methadone or buprenorphine maintenance therapy in the case of opioid dependency. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like other opioids, such as oxycodone (OxyContin, Percocet, Percodan), hydromorphone (Dilaudid, Palladone), and diacetylmorphine (heroin), morphine acts directly on the central nervous system (CNS) to relieve pain. Unlike the opioids, morphine is an opiate and a natural product. --EOI-- Like other opioids, e.g. diacetylmorphine (heroin), morphine acts directly on the central nervous system (CNS) to relieve pain, and at synapses of the nucleus accumbens in particular. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Several groups secrete venom from specialized glands to kill prey or enemies. --EOI-- Several groups secrete venom from specialized glands to kill prey or enemies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Only in the harvestmen and among mites, such as the house dust mite, is there ingestion of solid food particles, and thus exposure to internal parasites, although it is not unusual for spiders to eat their own silk. --EOI-- Only the harvestmen and some mites eat solid food particles. Predigestion avoids exposure to internal parasites. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Behind the mouth is a muscular, sclerotised pharynx, which acts as a pump, sucking the food through the mouth and on into the oesophagus and stomach. --EOI-- Behind the mouth is a muscular, sclerotised pharynx, which acts as a pump, sucking the food through the mouth and on into the oesophagus and stomach. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some of speed metal's earlier influences include Deep Purple's "Fireball " and Queen's "Stone Cold Crazy " (which was eventually covered by the thrash metal band Metallica), from their 1974 album Sheer Heart Attack, and Deep Purple's song "Highway Star ", from their album Machine Head. --EOI-- Some of speed metal's earlier influences include Deep Purple's "Fireball " and Queen's "Stone Cold Crazy " (which was eventually covered by the thrash metal band Metallica), from their 1974 album Sheer Heart Attack, and Deep Purple's song "Highway Star ", from their album Machine Head. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Led Zeppelin's "Communication Breakdown ", first released in January 1969, could also be said to be an early template for speed metal as mentioned in Mac Randall's. --EOI-- Led Zeppelin's "Communication Breakdown ", first released in January 1969, could also be said to be an early template for speed metal as mentioned in Mac Randall's. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1687 he became choirmaster at St Paul's Cathedral; in 1695 he was elected organist of St Margaret's, Westminster, and is said to have resumed his post as organist of Westminster Abbey, from which in 1680 he had retired or been dismissed to make way for Purcell. --EOI-- In 1695 he became organist of St Margaret's, Westminster, and he also took his old job at Westminster Abbey again when Henry Purcell died. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most of the marine limpets have gills, whereas all the freshwater limpets and a few of the marine limpets have a mantle cavity that is adapted to breathe air and function as a lung (and in some cases has been again adapted to absorb oxygen from water) all these various kinds of snail are only very distantly related. --EOI-- The phrase "true limpets " is used only for marine limpets in the ancient clade Patellogastropoda. This article is mainly about the true limpets. --separator-- --simplificataion-- According to Noah Casey, Lu's teachings do not prohibit the consumption of meat and alcohol (as do some sects in Vajrayana); however, "The consumption of alcohol is limited to quantities not resulting in intoxication, and the eating of meat is restricted to animals not butchered especially for the person consuming. --EOI-- According to Noah Casey, Lu's teachings do not prohibit the consumption of meat and alcohol; however, "The consumption of alcohol is limited to quantities not resulting in intoxication, and the eating of meat is restricted to animals not butchered especially for the person consuming. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It falls into the bast fiber category (fiber collected from bast or skin of the plant) along with kenaf, industrial hemp, flax (linen), ramie, etc.. --EOI-- It is a bast fiber, alongside hemp, and flax amongst others. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Fixing a Hole " is a song mainly written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon\/McCartney) and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. --EOI--  "Fixing a Hole " is a song mainly written by Paul McCartney (credited to Lennon\/McCartney) and performed by The Beatles on the 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is also used as a petrol component, as a feedstock for the production of base petrochemicals in steam cracking, as fuel for cigarette lighters and as a propellant in aerosol sprays such as deodorants. --EOI-- It is also used as fuel in cigarette lighters, and as propellant in aerosol sprays or deodorants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Myalgia means "muscle pain " and is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. --EOI-- Myalgia means "muscle pain " and is a symptom of many diseases and disorders. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Brillat-Savarin is a soft, white-crusted cow's milk cheese with at least 75% fat in dry matter (roughly 40% overall), named after the 18th century French gourmet and political figure Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin. --EOI-- Brillat-Savarin is a soft, white-crusted cow's milk cheese with at least 75% fat in dry matter (roughly 40% overall), named after the 18th century French gourmet Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Iron is most commonly used in the form of an alloy, steel, which contains up to 2.1% carbon, making it much harder than pure iron. --EOI-- Iron is most commonly used in the form of an alloy, steel, which has up to 2.1% carbon, making it much harder than pure iron. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Iron and aluminium are the two most commonly used structural metals, and they are also the most abundant metals in the Earth's crust. --EOI-- Iron and aluminium are the two most commonly used metals. They are also the most common metals in the Earth's crust. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The largest group of minerals by far is the silicates (most rocks areâ 95% silicates), which are composed largely of silicon and oxygen, with the addition of ions of aluminium, magnesium, iron, calcium and other metals. --EOI-- The largest group of minerals by far is the silicates (most rocks areâ 95% silicates), which are made largely of silicon and oxygen, also with ions of aluminium, magnesium, iron, calcium and other metals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The vast majority of the rocks of the Earth's crust consist of quartz (crystalline SiO2), feldspar, mica, chlorite, kaolin, calcite, epidote, olivine, augite, hornblende, magnetite, hematite, limonite and a few other minerals. --EOI-- Most of the rocks of the Earth's crust have quartz (crystalline SiO2), feldspar, mica, chlorite, kaolin, calcite, epidote, olivine, augite, hornblende, magnetite, hematite, limonite and a few other minerals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, a crystal of sodium chloride (common salt) is made up of ionic sodium and chlorine, which are held together by ionic bonds. --EOI-- For example, a crystal of sodium chloride (common salt) is made up of ionic sodium and chlorine, which are held together by ionic bonds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Curl-crested Manucode, Manucodia comrii is a compact and large, approximately 43 cm long, bird of paradise with glossy purple, black and green plumage, red iris and crinkled yellowish-green upper breast and neck feathers. --EOI-- The Curl-crested Manucode (Manucodia comrii) is a large bird of paradise, about 43cm long, with glossy purple, black and green plumage, red iris and crinkled yellowish-green upper breast and neck feathers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other major causes are stroke, trauma with nerve injury, poliomyelitis, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), botulism, spina bifida, multiple sclerosis, and Guillain-BarrÃ syndrome. --EOI-- Major causes are stroke, trauma, poliomyelitis, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), botulism, spina bifida, multiple sclerosis, and Guillain-BarrÃ syndrome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Examples of monosaccharides include glucose (dextrose), fructose (levulose), galactose, xylose and ribose. --EOI-- Examples of monosaccharides include glucose (dextrose), fructose, galactose, and ribose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Monosaccharides are the building blocks of disaccharides such as sucrose and polysaccharides (such as cellulose and starch). --EOI-- Monosaccharides are the building blocks of disaccharides like sucrose (common sugar) and polysaccharides (such as cellulose and starch). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Selectable markers are often antibiotic resistance genes; bacteria that have been subjected to a procedure to introduce foreign DNA are grown on a medium containing an antibiotic, and those bacterial colonies that can grow have successfully taken up and expressed the introduced genetic material. --EOI-- Selectable markers are often antibiotic resistance genes; bacteria that have been subjected to a procedure to introduce foreign DNA are grown on a medium containing an antibiotic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They are a type of reporter gene used in laboratory microbiology, molecular biology, and genetic engineering to indicate the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign DNA into a cell. Selectable markers are often antibiotic resistance genes; bacteria that have been subjected to a procedure to introduce foreign DNA are grown on a medium containing an antibiotic, and those bacterial colonies that can grow have successfully taken up and expressed the introduced genetic material. --EOI-- Selectable markers show the success of a transfection or other procedure meant to introduce foreign DNA into a cell. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In May 2004 she performed as part of "The Big Session " and sang an adaptation of Love Will Tear Us Apart as a duet with John Jones of The Oyster Band. --EOI-- In May 2004 she performed as part of "The Big Session " and sang Love Will Tear Us Apart as a duet with John Jones of The Oyster Band. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thallium (I) fluoride is unusual among the thallium (I) halides in that it is very soluble in water, while the others are not. --EOI-- It has thallium and fluoride ions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Though legally blind because of astigmatism and a subsequent injury to his right eye, Knight pursued his artistic talents with the help of specially-designed glasses, and at the age of twelve, he enrolled at the Metropolitan Art School to become a commercial artist. --EOI-- He had severe astigmatism, and a later injury to his right eye, but had specially-designed glasses. At twelve, he enrolled at the Metropolitan Art School to become a commercial artist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A laboratory method for preparing copper (II) oxide is to electrolyze water containing sodium bicarbonate at a moderate voltage with a copper anode, collect the mixture of copper hydroxide, basic copper carbonate, and copper carbonate produced, and heat it. --EOI-- It can also be made by heating copper (II) carbonate or copper (II) nitrate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In spastic diplegia in humans, GABA absorption becomes impaired by nerves damaged from the condition's upper motor neuron lesion, which leads to hypertonia of the muscles signaled by those nerves that can no longer absorb GABA. --EOI-- In spastic diplegia in humans, GABA absorption by some nerves becomes impaired, which leads to hypertonia of the muscles signaled by those nerves. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Condiments are sometimes added prior to serving, for example a sandwich made with ketchup or mustard. Some condiments are used during cooking to add flavor or texture to the food; barbecue sauce, teriyaki sauce, soy sauce, marmite are examples. --EOI-- Ketchup, Mustard, Relish, Mayonnaise, Horseradish, Soy Sauce and Worcestershire sauce are also well known condiments. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dil Se (Hindi:, translation: From the Heart) is a 1998 Hindi film directed by Mani Ratnam. --EOI-- Dil Se (Hindi:ààààà, Urdu:ØÙØÛ', translation: From the Heart) is a 1998 Hindi movie. It was Film directordirected by Mani Ratnam. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sodium, chloride, and phosphate ions are essential for life, as are some inorganic molecules such as carbonic acid, nitrogen, carbon dioxide, water and oxygen. --EOI-- Sodium, chloride, and phosphate ions are essential for life, as are some inorganic molecules such as nitrogen, carbon dioxide, water and oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pot pies with a flaky crust and bottom are also a popular American dish, typically with a filling of meat (particularly beef, chicken or turkey), gravy, and mixed vegetables (potatoes, carrots and peas). --EOI-- Pot pies with a flaky crust and bottom are also a popular American dish, typically with a filling of meat (particularly beef, chicken or turkey), gravy, and mixed vegetables (potatoes, carrots and peas). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Meat pies with fillings such as steak, cheese, steak and kidney, minced beef, or chicken and mushroom are popular in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand as take-away snacks. --EOI-- Meat pies with fillings such as steak and cheese, steak and kidney, minced beef or chicken and mushroom are popular in the United Kingdom, Australia and New Zealand as take-away snacks. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Clostridium difficile (from the Greek kloster (ÎÎ "ÏÏÏÎÏ), spindle, and Latin difficile, difficult), also known as "CDF\/cdf ", or "C. diff ", is a species of Gram-positive bacteria of the genus Clostridium that causes severe diarrhea and other intestinal disease when competing bacteria in the gut flora are wiped out by antibiotics. --EOI-- Clostridium difficile is a species of Gram-positive bacteria of the genus Clostridium that causes diarrhea and other intestinal disease when competing bacteria are wiped out by antibiotics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although gharials have sacrificed the great mechanical strength of the robust skull and jaw that most crocodiles and alligators have, and in consequence can not prey on large creatures, the reduced weight and water resistance of their lighter skull and very narrow jaw gives gharials the ability to catch rapidly moving fish, using a side-to-side snapping motion. --EOI-- But they also have reduced weight and water resistance of their lighter skull and very narrow jaw. This gives gharials the ability to catch rapidly moving fish. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These teeth are not received into interdental pits; the first, second, and third mandibular teeth fit into notches in the upper jaw. --EOI-- These teeth are not received into interdental pits; the first, second, and third mandibular teeth fit into notches in the upper jaw. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The gharial's snout is narrow and long, with a dilation at the end and its nasal bones are comparatively short and are widely separated from the pre-maxillaries. --EOI-- The gharial's snout is narrow and long, with a dilation at the end and its nasal bones are comparatively short and are widely separated from the pre-maxillaries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Their snout morphology is ideally suited for preying on fish. Their long, narrow snouts offer very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water. --EOI-- Their snout morphology is ideally suited for piscivory; their long, narrow snouts afford very little resistance to water in swiping motions to snap up fish in the water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gharials have a strong crest on the outer edge of the forearm, leg, and foot. --EOI-- Gharials have a strong crest on the outer edge of the forearm, leg and foot. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The gharial's lower anterior margin of orbit (jugal) is raised and its mandibular symphysis is extremely long, extending to the 23rd or 24th tooth. --EOI-- The gharial's lower anterior margin of orbit (jugal) is raised and its mandibular symphysis is extremely long, extending to the 23rd or 24th tooth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During swallowing, the backward motion of the tongue forces the epiglottis over the glottis' opening to prevent swallowed material from entering the larynx which leads to the lungs; the larynx is also pulled upwards to assist this process. --EOI-- During swallowing, the backward motion of the tongue forces part of the larynx called the epiglottis over the laryngeal opening. This is to prevent swallowed material from entering the lungs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This source sound is altered as it travels through the vocal tract, configured differently based on the position of the tongue, lips, mouth, and pharynx. --EOI-- This source sound is changed as it travels through the vocal tract. It becomes a different sound based on the position of the tongue, lips, mouth, and pharynx. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stimulation of the larynx by ingested matter produces a strong cough reflex to protect the lungs. --EOI-- If the larynx is irritated by something that is swallowed, a strong cough reflex is used to protect the lungs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some symptoms are hoarseness, loss of voice, pain in the throat or ears, and breathing difficulties. --EOI-- Some symptoms are hoarseness, loss of voice, pain in the throat or ears, and breathing difficulties. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other forms of diabetes mellitus include congenital diabetes, which is due to genetic defects of insulin secretion, cystic fibrosis-related diabetes, steroid diabetes induced by high doses of glucocorticoids, and several forms of monogenic diabetes. --EOI-- There are other kinds of diabetes, like diabetes insipidus. However, when people say "diabetes ", they usually mean diabetes mellitus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Insulin is released into the blood by beta cells (Î- cells), found in the Islets of Langerhans in the pancreas, in response to rising levels of blood glucose, typically after eating. Insulin is used by about two-thirds of the body's cells to absorb glucose from the blood for use as fuel, for conversion to other needed molecules, or for storage. --EOI-- This insulin tells the cells to take up glucose from the blood. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some cases of diabetes are caused by the body's tissue receptors not responding to insulin (even when insulin levels are normal, which is what separates it from type 2 diabetes); this form is very uncommon. --EOI-- Diabetes is the condition that results from lack of insulin in a person's blood, or their body has a problem using the insulin it produces (Insulin resistance). There are other kinds of diabetes, like diabetes insipidus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Type 2 diabetes mellitus is characterized by insulin resistance which may be combined with relatively reduced insulin secretion. The defective responsiveness of body tissues to insulin is believed to involve the insulin receptor. --EOI-- Diabetes is the condition that results from lack of insulin in a person's blood, or their body has a problem using the insulin it produces (Insulin resistance). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oral medications may be used in the case of type 2 diabetes, as well as insulin). --EOI-- Type 2 diabetes mellitus is an illness very different from Type 1 diabetes. In Type 2 diabetes, the person makes insulin, but either the insulin does not work in that personâ s body as it should, or they do not make enough insulin to process the glucose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Craniata (sometimes Craniota) is a proposed clade of chordate animals that contains the Myxini (hagfish), Petromyzontida (including lampreys), and Gnathostomata (jawed vertebrates) as living representatives. --EOI-- Craniata (sometimes Craniota) is a proposed clade of chordate animals that contains the vertebrates (subphylum Vertebrata) and Myxini (hagfish) as living representatives. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As the name suggests, Craniata are animals with a (hard bone or cartilage) skull in Chordata. --EOI-- Craniata includes all animals with a skull, or cranium, as the name suggests. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Shawn Crahan (# 6) Active: 1995â "present Instruments: custom percussion, backing vocals Release contributions: all Slipknot releases Shawn Crahan was a member of the original band formed in 1995 and was initially the only drummer for a short period of time. --EOI-- ; Shawn Crahan (# 6) Active: 1995â "present Plays: custom percussion, backing vocals Performed in: all Slipknot albums Shawn Crahan was a member of the original band formed in 1995 and was originally the only drummer for a short time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Greg Welts (# 3) Active: 1997â "1998 Instruments: custom percussion, backing vocals Release contributions: Slipknot demo (1998) After the departure of Colsefni, Greg Welts was recruited to fill the spot left on percussion and backing vocals. --EOI-- ; Greg Welts (# 3) Active: 1997â "1998 Played: custom percussion, backing vocals Performed in: Slipknot Demo After Colsefini left the band, Greg Welts was brought in to replace him on percussion and backing vocals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; James Root (# 4) Active: 1999â "present Instruments: guitar Release contributions: all Slipknot releases from Slipknot (1999) to present Jim Root joined the band in 1999, near the end of the recording of Slipknot. --EOI-- ; Jim Root (# 4) Active: 1999â "present Plays: guitar Performed in: all Slipknot albums from Slipknot (1999) to present Jim Root joined the band in 1999 during the end of recording their first album, Slipknot. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Anders Colsefni Active: 1995â "1997 Instruments: lead vocals, custom percussion, backing vocals, tribal drums Release contributions: Mate. --EOI-- ; Anders Colsefini Active: 1995â "1997 Played: lead vocals, custom percussion, backing vocals Performed in: Mate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Paul Gray (# 2) Active: 1995â "2010 Instruments: bass, backing vocals Release contributions: all Slipknot releases Paul Gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995. --EOI-- ; Paul Gray (# 2) Active: 1995â "present Plays: bass, backing vocals Performed in: all Slipknot albums Paul Gray was a member of the original band formed in 1995. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After attending Canucks training camp and playing in five preseason games, Kesler was cut by the Canucks and sent to their American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Manitoba Moose. Kesler began his first professional season with the Moose, but was recalled by the Canucks in November and made his NHL debut on November 24, 2003 in a 2â "1 loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs, recording one shot on goal and 12:12 of ice time. --EOI-- Kesler joined the Canucks in 2003 and spent time with the Manitoba Moose of the American Hockey League and Ohio State University. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Apple wood gives off a pleasant scent when burned, and smoke from an apple wood fire gives an excellent flavor to smoked foods. --EOI-- Apple wood "makes a wonderfully luxurious firewood with a lovely scent (smell), and smoke from an apple wood fire gives a most excellent flavor to smoked foods, " including Applewood cheese. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The second of three catastrophic Category 5 hurricanes to make landfall in the United States during the 20th century (the others being 1935's Labor Day hurricane and 1992's Hurricane Andrew), which it did near the mouth of the Mississippi River on the night of August 17, Camille was the only Atlantic hurricane to exhibit officially recorded sustained wind speeds of at least 190 m until Allen equaled that number in 1980, and remains the only Atlantic hurricane in recorded history to make landfall with wind speeds at or above such level. --EOI-- Camille was the second of three Category 5 hurricanes to make landfall in the United States during the 20th century, which it did near the mouth of the Mississippi River on the night of August 17, resulting in catastrophic damage. Camille was the only Atlantic hurricane with official winds reported to reach 190 mph until Allen equalled that number in 1980. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Possession and use of psilocybin mushrooms, including the bluing species of Psilocybe, is therefore prohibited by extension. However, in many national, state, and provincial drug laws, there is a great deal of ambiguity about the legal status of psilocybin mushrooms and the spores of these mushrooms, as well as a strong element of selective enforcement in some places. --EOI-- It occurs in many kind of fungi and mushrooms, most notably Psilocybin mushrooms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Uremia or uremia (see spelling differences) is a term used to loosely describe the illness accompanying kidney failure (also called renal failure), in particular the nitrogenous waste products associated with the failure of this organ. --EOI-- Uremia is when the blood has too much waste products in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a Linux distribution with a root filesystem that takes up approximately 100 MB of disk space, and its ISO image installation media is around 30 MB. --EOI-- It is one of the smallest desktop Linux distributions availablea- a root filesystem takes up about 80 MB and an ISO image of around 25 MB. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the road to Bandon, at the village of BÃ al na mBlÃ th (Irish, "the Mouth of Flowers "), Collins' column stopped to ask directions. --EOI-- On the road to Bandon, at the village of BÃ al na mBlÃ th (Irish, "the Mouth of Flowers "), Collins stopped to ask directions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The head of the match consisted of a mixture of potassium chlorate, sulfur, sugar, and rubber. --EOI-- The head of the match was made of a mixture of potassium chlorate, sulfur, sugar, and rubber. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Storm matches, also known as lifeboat matches or flare matches, have an easy to strike tip like a normal match, but much of the stick is coated with a combustible compound which will keep burning even in a strong wind. --EOI-- Storm matches, also known as lifeboat matches or flare matches, have an easy to strike tip like a normal match, but much of the stick is coated with a combustible compound which will keep burning even in a strong wind. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pressure sensitive tape, PSA tape, self stick tape or sticky tape consists of a pressure sensitive adhesive coated onto a backing material such as paper, plastic film, cloth, or metal foil. It is sticky (tacky) without any heat or solvent for activation and adheres with light pressure. --EOI-- Adhesive tape that will stick with application of pressure only (i.e. without activation by water, solvent or heat) is known as pressure sensitive tape. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sand and soil also harbor E. coli bacteria and some strains of E. coli have become naturalized. Some geographic areas may support unique populations of E. coli and conversely, some E. coli strains are cosmopolitan. --EOI-- E. coli are not usually in food or water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some examples of fixtures include water closets (also known as toilets), urinals, bidets, showers, bathtubs, utility and kitchen sinks, drinking fountains, ice makers, humidifiers, air washers, fountains, and eye wash stations. --EOI-- Some examples of fixtures include water closets (also known as toilets), urinals, bidets, showers, bathtubs, utility and kitchen sinks, drinking fountains, ice makers, humidifiers, air washers, fountains, and eye wash stations. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Standardized earthen plumbing pipes with broad flanges making use of asphalt for preventing leakages appeared in the urban settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization by 2700 B.C. Plumbing originated during the ancient civilizations such as the Greek, Roman, Persian, Indian, and Chinese civilizations as they developed public baths and needed to provide potable water, and drainage of wastes. --EOI-- However, there were some plumbing pipes in the city settlements of the Indus Valley Civilization by 2700 B.C. Plumbing was also used during the ancient civilizations such as the Greek, Roman, Persian, Indian, and Chinese civilizations as they built public baths and needed drinking water, and somewhere to drain waste. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most large cities today pipe solid wastes to treatment plants in order to separate and partly purify the water before emptying into streams or other bodies of water. --EOI-- Most large cities today send solid wastes to treatment plants through pipes. This separates water from waste and makes the water more pure before it goes into streams or other bodies of water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some viruses also encode special DNA polymerases, such as Hepatitis B virus DNA polymerase. --EOI-- DNA polymerase is an enzyme in the body helps connect deoxyribonucleotides (nucleotides) into a piece of DNA. The most famous things that DNA polymerases do is DNA replication. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vitamin D is added to some calcium supplements. Proper vitamin D status is important because vitamin D is converted to a hormone in the body which then induces the synthesis of intestinal proteins responsible for calcium absorption. --EOI-- (Vitamin D is a hormone but it is called a vitamin.) --separator-- --simplificataion-- Acute calcium poisoning is rare, and difficult to achieve unless calcium compounds are administered intravenously. For example, the oral median lethal dose (LD50) for rats for calcium carbonate and calcium chloride are 6.45 and 1.4 g\/kg, respectively. --EOI-- Calcium carbonate is used as a calcium supplement. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pain radiates most often to the left arm, but may also radiate to the lower jaw, neck, right arm, back, and epigastrium, where it may mimic heartburn. --EOI-- Pain can often also be felt in the left arm, and sometimes in the lower jaw, the neck, the right arm, the back, and in parts of the abdomen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chest pain due to ischemia (a lack of blood and hence oxygen supply) of the heart muscle is termed angina pectoris. --EOI-- Chest pain can be caused by ischemia (a lack of blood and oxygen) of the heart muscle; this is called angina pectoris. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Jacques Lucien Monod (February 9, 1910â "May 31, 1976) was a French biologist who was awarded a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1965, sharing it with FranÃ ois Jacob and Andre Lwoff "for their discoveries concerning genetic control of enzyme and virus synthesis ". --EOI-- Jacques Lucien Monod (Paris, 9 February 1910â "Paris, 31 May 1976) was an French biologist. He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1965 for his discoveries about the genetic control of enzyme and virus synthesis which he shared with FranÃ ois Jacob and Andre Lwoff. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For his work on the physiology and pathology of the vestibular apparatus of the ear he received the 1914 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. --EOI-- He won the 1914 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his work on the ear and balance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has a long shelf-life and a distinctive sour flavor, both of which result from the lactic acid that forms when the bacteria ferment the sugars in the cabbage. --EOI-- It has a long shelf-life and a distinctive sour flavor, both of which result from the lactic acid that forms when the bacteria ferment the sugars in the cabbage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sauerkraut (in English;,), directly translated from German: "sour herb " or "sour cabbage ", is finely shredded cabbage that has been fermented by various lactic acid bacteria, including Leuconostoc, Lactobacillus, and Pediococcus. --EOI-- Sauerkraut ( "sour herb ") directly translated from German or "sour cabbage ", is finely shredded cabbage that has been fermented by various lactic acid bacteria, including Leuconostoc, Lactobacillus, and Pediococcus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The connection of Joseph of Arimathea with the Grail legend dates from Robert de Boron's Joseph d'Arimathie (late 12th century) in which Joseph receives the Grail from an apparition of Jesus and sends it with his followers to Great Britain; building upon this theme, later writers recounted how Joseph used the Grail to catch Christ's blood while interring him and that in Britain he founded a line of guardians to keep it safe. --EOI-- The connection of Joseph of Arimathea with the Grail legend dates from Robert de Boron's Joseph d'Arimathie (late 12th century). In the story, Joseph receives the Grail from an apparition of Jesus and sends it with his followers to Great Britain; building upon this theme, later writers told how Joseph used the Grail to catch Christ's blood while burying him and that in Britain he founded a line of guardians to keep it safe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The program is based on the Hipparcos Catalogue (HIP) and allows users to travel through an extensive universe, modeled after reality, at any speed, in any direction and at any time in history. Celestia displays and interacts with objects ranging in scale from small spacecraft to entire galaxies in three dimensions using OpenGL, from perspectives which would not be possible from a classic planetarium or other ground based display. --EOI-- The program is based on the Hipparcos Catalogue (120.000 Stars) and allows users to display objects from artificial satellites to entire galaxies in three dimensions in OpenGL. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Kalasha, also spelled as Kalash and kalasa (Sanskrit:, kalaÅ a; literally "pitcher, pot "), is a metal (brass, copper, silver or gold) pot with a large base and small mouth, large enough to hold a coconut. --EOI-- Kalasha, also spelled as Kalash (Sanskrit:, kalaÅ a; literally "pitcher, pot "), is a metal (brass, copper, silver or gold) pot with a large base and small mouth, large enough to hold a coconut. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Generating heated debate, Edward Said devoted a chapter of his book Culture and Imperialism (1993) to Mansfield Park, arguing that the peripheral position of "Antigua " and the issue of slavery demonstrated that colonial oppression was an unspoken assumption of English society during the early 19th century. --EOI-- Generating heated debate, Edward Said devoted a chapter of his book Culture and Imperialism (1993) to Mansfield Park, arguing that the peripheral position of "Antigua " and the issue of slavery demonstrated that colonial oppression was an unspoken assumption of English society during the early nineteenth century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another prominent writer whose Austen criticism was ignored, novelist Margaret Oliphant, described Austen in almost proto-feminist terms, as "armed with a` fine vein of feminine cynicism,'` full of subtle power, keenness, finesse, and self-restraint,' blessed with an` exquisite sense' of the` ridiculous,'' a fine stinging yet soft-voiced contempt,' whose novels are` so calm and cold and keen' ". --EOI-- Margaret Oliphant was another important writer whose criticism of Austen did not have much influence. She described Austen as "armed with a` fine vein of feminine cynicism,'` full of subtle power, keenness, finesse, and self-restraint (control),' with an` exquisite sense' of the` ridiculous,'' a fine stinging yet soft-voiced contempt,' whose works are very` calm and cold and keen' ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- One of the two most common and visible forms of organ hypertrophy occurs in skeletal muscles in response to strength training (known as muscle hypertrophy). --EOI-- One of the two most common and visible forms of organ hypertrophy occurs in skeletal muscles in response to strength training or bodybuilding. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although hypertrophy and hyperplasia are two distinct processes, they frequently occur together, such as in the case of the hormonally-induced proliferation and enlargement of the cells of the uterus during pregnancy. --EOI-- Although hypertrophy and hyperplasia are two distinct processes, they frequently occur together, such as in the case of the hormonally-induced proliferation and enlargement of the cells of the uterus during pregnancy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hypertrophy (from Greeká 1\/2`ÏÎÏ "excess "+ÏÏÎÏÎ "nourishment ") is the increase in the volume of an organ or tissue due to the enlargement of its component cells. --EOI-- Hypertrophy (from Greeká 1\/2`ÏÎÏ "excess "+ÏÏÎÏÎ "nourishment ") is the increase in the volume of an organ or tissue due to the enlargement of its component cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The "Cookies and Cream " ice cream uses sweet cream ice cream and chocolate wafer cookies of any type. --EOI-- Cookies and Cream is a kind of ice cream flavor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Traditionally the term "Earl Grey " was applied only to black tea; however, today the term is used for other teas that contain oil of bergamot, or a flavor. --EOI-- The name "Earl Grey " only used to be given to black tea, but now the name is used for other teas that have oil of bergamot, or a bergamot flavor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many avian species, especially seabirds, can also excrete salt via specialized nasal salt glands, the saline solution leaving through nostrils in the beak. --EOI-- Many bird species, especially seabirds, can also excrete salt via specialized nasal salt glands, the saline solution leaving through nostrils in the beak. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the external environment, as this compound has high solubility and there is ample water available for dilution. --EOI-- Aquatic animals usually excrete ammonia directly into the water, as this compound is soluble and there is ample water available for dilution. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In terrestrial animals ammonia-like compounds are converted into other nitrogenous materials as there is less water in the environment and ammonia itself is toxic. --EOI-- In terrestrial animals ammonia-like compounds are converted into other nitrogenous materials as there is less water in the environment, and ammonia itself is toxic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Peace is a state of balance and understanding in yourself and between others, where respect is gained by the acceptance of differences, tolerance persists, conflicts are resolved through dialog, people's rights are respected and their voices are heard, and everyone is at their highest point of serenity without social tension. --EOI-- Peace is a state of balance and understanding in yourself and between others, where respect is gained by the acceptance of differences, tolerance persists, conflicts are resolved through dialog, people's rights are respected and their voices are heard, and everyone is at their highest point of serenity without social tension. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Betsy made its most intense landfall near the mouth of the Mississippi River, causing significant flooding of the waters of Lake Pontchartrain into New Orleans. As it was mistakenly known as the first hurricane to cause over a billion dollars in damage (1965 dollars, not adjusted for inflation), it earned the nickname "Billion-Dollar Betsy ". --EOI-- Betsy made its most strongest landfall near the mouth of the Mississippi River, causing major flooding of the waters of Lake Pontchartrain into New Orleans; at the time it was the costliest hurricane in the history of the United States, and, as the first hurricane to cause over a billion dollars in damages, earned the nickname "Billion-Dollar Betsy ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- While the preparation of the assessment reports is a major IPCC function, it also supports other activities, such as the Data Distribution Centre and the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme, required under the UNFCCC. --EOI-- The IPCC also supports other activities, such as the Data Distribution Centre and the National Greenhouse Gas Inventories Programme. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Crinkle-collared Manucode, Manucodia chalybatus is a medium-sized, up to 36 cm long, greenish blue, black and purple glossed bird of paradise with long graduated tail, red iris and iridescent green breast feathers. --EOI-- The Crinkle-collared Manucode (Manucodia chalybatus) is a medium-sized bird of paradise, that grows up to 36cm long. It looks greenish blue, black and purple glossed with long tail, red iris and iridescent green breast feathers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The QuikSCAT (Quick Scatterometer), an earth-observing satellite, provided estimates of wind speed and direction over the oceans to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and others. --EOI-- The QuikSCAT (Quick Scatterometer) is an earth-observing satellite that provides wind speed and direction information over oceans to NOAA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During atrophy, there is a down-regulation of protein synthesis pathways, and an activation of protein breakdown pathways. --EOI-- There is a down-regulation of protein synthesis pathways, and an activation of protein breakdown pathways. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Muscular atrophy decreases quality of life as the sufferer becomes unable to perform certain tasks or worsen the risks of accidents while performing those (like walking). --EOI-- Muscular atrophy decreases quality of life as the sufferer becomes unable to perform certain tasks or worsen the risks of accidents while performing those (like walking). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In this system, particular proteins are targeted for destruction by the ligation of at least four copies of a small peptide called ubiquitin onto a substrate protein. --EOI-- In the ATP-dependent ubiquitin\/proteasome pathway, particular proteins are targeted for destruction by the ligation of at least four copies of a small peptide called ubiquitin onto a substrate protein. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are many diseases and conditions which cause a decrease in muscle mass, known as atrophy, including: Dejerine Sottas syndrome (HSMN Type III), inactivity, as seen when a cast is put on a limb, or upon extended bedrest (which can occur during a prolonged illness); cachexia- which is a "body-wasting " syndrome that is a co-morbidity of cancer and Congestive Heart Failure; Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease; burns, liver failure, etc.. --EOI-- It also develops in several common diseases, including cancer, AIDS, congestive heart failure, Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, renal failure. It may be observed in Dejerine Sottas syndrome, inactivity, as seen when a cast is put on a limb, or upon extended bed rest (which can occur during a prolonged illness or hostel research); cachexia, burns, liver failure and starvation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Muscle atrophy occurs by a change in the normal balance between protein synthesis and protein degradation. --EOI-- In muscle atrophy, the normal balance between protein synthesis and protein degradation changes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Muscle atrophy results from a co-morbidity of several common diseases, including cancer, AIDS, congestive heart failure, COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease), renal failure, and severe burns; patients who have "cachexia " in these disease settings have a poor prognosis. --EOI-- It also develops in several common diseases, including cancer, AIDS, congestive heart failure, Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, renal failure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When a substrate is thus "poly-ubiquitinated ", it is targeted for destruction by the proteasome. --EOI-- The substrate is later targeted for destruction by the proteasome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The exact cause of sarcopenia is unknown, but it may be due to a combination of the gradual failure in the "satellite cells " which help to regenerate skeletal muscle fibers, and a decrease in sensitivity to or the availability of critical secreted growth factors which are necessary to maintain muscle mass and satellite cell survival. --EOI-- The exact cause of muscular atrophy is unknown, but it may be due to the gradual failure in the "satellite cells " which help to regenerate skeletal muscle fibers, and a decrease in sensitivity to or the availability of secreted growth factors which are necessary to maintain muscle mass and satellite cell survival. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Muscular atrophy increases the risks of falling in conditions such as IBM (inclusion body myositis). --EOI-- It also increases the risks of falling in conditions such as IBM (inclusion body myositis). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cork cambium is a lateral meristem and is responsible for secondary growth that replaces the epidermis in roots and stems. --EOI-- The cork cambium is a lateral meristem and is responsible for secondary growth that replaces the epidermis in roots and stems. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cork cambium (pl. cambia or cambiums) is a tissue found in many vascular plants as part of the periderm. --EOI-- Cork cambium is a tissue in many vascular plants as part of the bark (periderm). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cork cambium is one of the plant's meristems- the series of tissues consisting of embryonic (incompletely differentiated) cells from which the plant grows. --EOI-- Cork cambium is one of the plant's meristems- the tissues that consist of embryonic (not specialized) cells from which the plant grows. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Duke blows up stained glass windows in an empty church or goes to strip clubs where Japanese women lower their kimonos exposing their breasts. --EOI-- Duke blows up stained glass windows in an empty church or goes to strip clubs where Japanese women lower their kimonos exposing their breasts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With the completion of a block of lines the typesetter fed the corresponding paper tapes into a phototypesetting device which mechanically set type outlines printed on glass sheets into place for exposure onto a negative film. --EOI-- With the completion of a block of lines the typesetter fed the corresponding paper tapes into a phototypesetting device which mechanically set type outlines printed on glass sheets into place for exposure onto a negative film. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Several varieties of this legend existâ " others refer to the combined land of Trinity College, Cambridge and Trinity College, Oxford, of Trinity College, Cambridge and Christ Church, Oxford, or St John's College, Oxford and St John's College, Cambridge. --EOI-- Trinity College is a college of the University of Cambridge in Cambridge, England. Trinity has more students than any other college in Cambridge or Oxford. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Seaweeds are also harvested or cultivated for the extraction of alginate, agar and carrageenan, gelatinous substances collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids. --EOI-- Seaweeds are also harvested or cultivated for the extraction of alginate, agar and carrageenan, gelatinous substances collectively known as hydrocolloids or phycocolloids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The mask forms a sealed cover over the nose and mouth, but may also cover the eyes and other vulnerable soft tissues of the face. Some gas masks are also respirators, though the word gas mask is often used to refer to military equipment (e.g. Field Protective Mask, etc.) (The user of the gas mask is not protected from gas that the skin can absorb.) --EOI-- A Gas mask is a kind of mask that fits over the face area and nose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Glass-reinforced plastic (GRP), also known as glass fiber-reinforced plastic (GFRP), is a fiber reinforced polymer made of a plastic matrix reinforced by fine fibers made of glass. --EOI-- Glass-reinforced plastic (GRP), is a composite material or fiber-reinforced polymer made of a plastic reinforced by fine fibers made of glass. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tofu or bean curd is a food made by coagulating soy milk and then pressing the resulting curds into soft white blocks. --EOI-- Tofu, sometimes also called doufu (usually used in Chinese recipes) or bean curd (literal translation), is a food made by coagulating soy milk, and then pressing the resulting curds into blocks. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some of these stories are very popular in German-speaking countries to this day, such as Der kleine Muck (The Story of Little Muck), Kalif Storch (Caliph Stork) and Die Geschichte von dem Gespensterschiff (The Tale of the Ghost Ship)-- all set in the Orient and Der Zwerg Nase (Little Longnose), Das kalte Herz (The Cold Heart) and Das Wirtshaus im Spessart (The Inn in the Spessart), set in Germany. --EOI-- Some of his works are very popular in German speaking countries to this day, such as Der kleine Muck, Kalif Storch and Die Geschichte von dem Gespensterschiffâ " all set in the Orient and Der Zwerg Nase, Das kalte Herz and Das Wirtshaus im Spessart, the three are set in Germany. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He extended this work to populations, computing the amount of inbreeding of members of populations as a result of random genetic drift, and he and Fisher pioneered methods for computing the distribution of gene frequencies among populations as a result of the interaction of natural selection, mutation, migration and genetic drift. --EOI-- He extended this work to populations, calculating the degree of inbreeding of members of populations as a result of random genetic drift. Together with Fisher, he pioneered methods for calculating the distribution of gene frequencies among populations as a result of the interaction of natural selection, mutation, migration and genetic drift. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Even an alkyl group (with a benzylic hydrogen) on an aromatic ring is oxidized, e.g. toluene to benzoic acid. --EOI-- Concentrated solutions oxidize a methyl group on an aromatic ring, e.g. toluene to benzoic acid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1659, Johann Rudolf Glauber fused a mixture of the mineral pyrolusite and potassium carbonate to obtain a material that, when dissolved in water, gave a green solution (potassium manganate) which slowly shifted to violet and then finally red. --EOI-- In 1659 a German chemist, J.R. Glauber, melted a mixture of the mineral pyrolusite and potassium carbonate to obtain a material that made a green solution (potassium manganate) when dissolved in water. It slowly changed color to violet (potassium permanganate) and then finally red. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A disk image is a single file or storage device containing the complete contents and structure representing a data storage medium or device, such as a hard drive, tape drives, floppy disk, CD\/DVD\/BD and key drive, although an image of an optical disc may be referred to as an optical disc image. --EOI-- A disk image is a single computer file containing the complete contents of a device that contains data, such as a hard drive, tape drives, floppy disk, CD\/DVD\/BD\/ and key drive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The mixture is shaped in the hand into balls, wrapped round with caul fat (the omentum membrane from the pig's abdomen), and baked. --EOI-- The mixture is shaped in the hand into balls, wrapped round with caul (a membrane from the pig's abdomen), and baked. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band was formed in 1994, and was originally composed of Steve Harwell, Greg Camp, Paul De Lisle and Kevin Coleman as lead vocals, guitar, bass and drums respectively. --EOI-- Formed in 1994, the group is formed by Steve Harwell (lead vocals), Greg Camp (guitar), Paul De Lisle (bass), and Kevin Coleman (original drummer). --separator-- --simplificataion-- It involves measurements of voltage change or electric current on a wide variety of scales from single ion channel proteins to whole organs like the heart. --EOI-- It involves measurements of voltage change or electrical current flow on a wide variety of scales from single ion channel proteins, to whole tissues like the heart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Electrophysiology (from Greek,Ä "lektron, "amber " (see the etymology of "electron ");, physis, "nature, origin "; and,- logia) is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues. --EOI-- Electrophysiology is the study of the electrical properties of biological cells and tissues. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The principal types of electrodes are: 1) simple solid conductors, such as discs and needles (singles or arrays, often insulated except for the tip), 2) tracings on printed circuit boards, also insulated except for the tip, and 3) hollow tubes filled with an electrolyte, such as glass pipettes filled with potassium chloride solution or another electrolyte solution. --EOI-- The principle types of electrodes are: 1) simple solid conductors, such as discs and needles (singles or arrays), 2) tracings on a printed circuit boards, and 3) hollow tubes filled with an electrolyte, such as glass pippettes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The diagnosis of AS is complicated by the use of several different screening instruments, including the Asperger Syndrome Diagnostic Scale (ASDS), Autism Spectrum Screening Questionnaire (ASSQ), Childhood Asperger Syndrome Test (CAST), Gilliam Asperger's Disorder Scale (GADS), Krug Asperger's Disorder Index (KADI), and the Autism Spectrum Quotient (AQ; with versions for children, adolescents and adults). --EOI-- Asperger syndrome is considered to be at the highest functioning end of the Autism spectrum disorders. Both genders can have Asperger syndrome, although it is more common in males. --separator-- --simplificataion-- AS became a standard diagnosis in 1992, when it was included in the tenth edition of the World Health Organization's diagnostic manual, International Classification of Diseases (ICD-10); in 1994, it was added to the fourth edition of the American Psychiatric Association's diagnostic reference, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV). --EOI-- In 1994 Asperger Syndrome was added to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pod peas (particularly sweet cultivars called mange tout and sugar peas, or the flatter "snow peas, " called hÃ lÃ n dÃ u,èå --EOI-- Pod peas (particularly sweet cultivars called mangetout and sugar peas, or the flatter "snow peas, " called hÃ lÃ n dÃ u,èå --separator-- --simplificataion-- Southern Praying Mantis (å--æ 3\/4èè, which reads in Cantonese as Nam (south) Pai (Clan) Tong Long, translated as Praying Mantis-where the literal translation means` King Insect) is a Chinese martial art native to the Hakka people (å centså, in Cantonese read Ha Ka or Ha Ga, a reference to descendants of the Han Dynasty who later migrated south at a time of political unrest). --EOI-- Southern Praying Mantis (å--æ 3\/4èè) is a Chinese martial art and native to the Hakka people. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Depending on their agreement\/s with their local ambulance service trust (known as a "Memorandum of Understanding " or MOU), they may treat and transport certain categories of patient to hospital, although for more serious incidents, such as cardiac arrest it is likely that they would be expected to summon the assistance of the statutory ambulance service. --EOI-- Depending on their agreement, or agreements, with their local ambulance service trust (known as a Memorandum of Understanding or MOU), they may treat and transport certain categories of patient to hospital, although for more serious incidents, such as cardiac arrest it is likely that they would be expected to summon the assistance of the statutory ambulance service. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Emergency ambulance work in all NHS bodies and most voluntary and private firms is based on the guidance published by the Joint Royal Colleges of medicine Ambulance Liaison Committee (JRCALC). --EOI-- All ambulance companies and the NHS Ambulance trusts must follow the same laws, so a private ambulance must have the same equipment and the people working in it be as qualified as the same type of NHS ambulance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band recorded several albums, achieving worldwide success with The Dark Side of the Moon (1973), Wish You Were Here (1975), Animals (1977), and The Wall (1979); all except Animals peaked at number one on the United States record chart. --EOI-- The band recorded several albums, achieving worldwide success with The Dark Side of the Moon (1973), Wish You Were Here (1975), Animals (1977), and The Wall (1979) with all of them topping the American record chart with the exception of Animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a psychedelic band led by Syd Barrett in the late 1960s, Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene; however, Barrett's erratic behavior eventually forced his colleagues to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour. --EOI-- Pink Floyd had moderate mainstream success and were one of the most popular bands in the London underground music scene in the late 1960s led by Syd Barrett; however, Barrett's decline in health would eventually forced his band members to replace him with guitarist and singer David Gilmour. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the city of MÃ rida; celebrates a more ancient interest of Venezuela, but in the City of the Knight, which did not celebrate fairs similar to the cities of San CristÃ bal, Barquisimeto, Maracaibo, TÃ riba. --EOI-- In the city of MÃ rida; celebrates a more ancient interest of Venezuela, but in the City of the Knight, which did not celebrate fairs similar to the cities of San CristÃ bal, Barquisimeto, Maracaibo, TÃ riba. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During that year he fell ill with ulcerative colitis, a form of inflammatory bowel disease, and was forced to return to the United States for treatment. --EOI-- During that year he fell ill with ulcerative colitis, a form of inflammatory bowel disease. He returned to the United States for treatment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Corrosion and freeze\/thaw cycles may damage poorly designed or constructed reinforced concrete. When rebar corrodes, the oxidation products (rust) expand and tends to flake, cracking the concrete and unbonding the rebar from the concrete. --EOI-- Reinforced concrete is concrete with long pieces of metal called rebar inside to make it stronger. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Manson has several costume changes throughout the sets ranging from a Bishop's dalmatic and mitre (often confused for Papal regalia), an elaborate Roman legionary-style Imperial galea, an Allgemeine SS-style peaked police cap, his signature black leather corset, g-string and garter stocking ensemble, a black-and-white fur coat and a giant rising conical skirt that lifts the singer 12 meters (40 feet) into the air. --EOI-- Manson has several costume changes throughout the sets ranging from a Bishop's dalmatic and mitre (often confused for Papal regalia), an elaborate Roman legionary-style Imperial galea, an Allgemeine SS-style peaked police cap, his signature black leather corset, g-string and garter stocking ensemble, a black-and-white fur coat and a giant rising conical skirt that lifts the singer 12 meters (40 feet) into the air. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Crusade was prosecuted primarily by the French and promptly took on a political flavor, resulting in not only a significant reduction in the number of practicing Cathars but also a realignment of Occitania, bringing it into the sphere of the French crown and diminishing the distinct regional culture and high level of Aragonese influence. --EOI-- The Crusade was prosecuted by the French and resulted in a reduction in the number of practicing Cathars. It also resulted in a realignment of Occitania, bringing it into the sphere of the French crown. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The family gets its name from Yellow Fever virus, a type virus of Flaviviridae; flavus means yellow in Latin. --EOI-- The family gets its name from Yellow Fever virus, a type virus of Flaviviridae; flavus means "yellow " in Latin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For the midnight Christmas meal of 1870, Choron proposed a menu principally composed of the best parts of the animals kept in the Jardin d'acclimatation (one of Paris' zoos)-- stuffed head of donkey, elephant consommÃ, roasted camel, kangaroo stew, bear shanks roasted in pepper sauce, wolf in deer sauce, cat with rat, and antelope in truffle sauce-- has become legendary. --EOI-- For the midnight Christmas meal of 1870, Choron proposed a menu mostly of the best parts of the animals kept in the Jardin d'acclimatation (one of Paris' zoos)-- stuffed head of donkey, elephant consommÃ, roasted camel, kangaroo stew, bear shanks roasted in pepper sauce, wolf in deer sauce, cat with rat, and antelope in truffle sauce-- has become legendary. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term genome can be applied specifically to mean that stored on a complete set of nuclear DNA (i.e., the "nuclear genome ") but can also be applied to that stored within organelles that contain their own DNA, as with the "mitochondrial genome " or the "chloroplast genome ". --EOI-- The term genome can be applied specifically to mean the complete set of nuclear DNA (the` nuclear genome') but can also be used of organelles that contain their own DNA, as with the mitochondrial genome or the chloroplast genome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tree stems consist mainly of support and transport tissues (xylem and phloem). --EOI-- Tree stems are mainly made of support and transport tissues (xylem and phloem). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Construction activities can involve a number of damage sources, including grade changes that prevent aeration to roots, spills involving toxic chemicals such as cement or petroleum products, or severing of branches or roots. --EOI-- Construction activities can involve a number of damage sources, including grade changes that prevent aeration to roots, spills involving toxic chemicals such as cement or petroleum products, or severing of branches or roots. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The middle finger (also the long finger, and usually the longest finger) is the third digit of the human hand, located between the index finger and the ring finger. --EOI-- The middle finger (also called "the bird ", "the fickle finger of fate ", "the curse finger ", or "the finger " is a common insulting hand signal in some countries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These are, oil and gas extraction, coal mining, metal ore mining, nonmetallic mineral mining and quarrying, and support activities for mining. Out of all these categories, oil and gas extraction remains one of the largest in terms of its global economic importance. --EOI-- Mining things from the ground is called extraction. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These are, oil and gas extraction, coal mining, metal ore mining, nonmetallic mineral mining and quarrying, and support activities for mining. --EOI-- This is called underground mining. Some mining, such as gold mining, is done in other ways. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Now, as natural cryolite is too rare to be used for this purpose, synthetic sodium aluminium fluoride is produced from the common mineral fluorite. --EOI-- Cryolite is a rare mineral that consists of sodium fluoride and aluminium fluoride bonded. It is used in the production of aluminium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These three germ layers are known as the ectoderm, mesoderm, and endoderm. --EOI-- The purpose of gastrulation is to position the 3 embryonic germ layers, the endoderm, ectoderm and mesoderm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see Appendix F: Concentration Camps: EndlÃ sungâ "The Final Solution; Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people, see). --EOI-- (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see Appendix F: Concentration Camps: EndlÃ sungâ "The Final Solution; Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people, see). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pure (neutral) water has a pH around 7 at 25Â; this value varies with temperature. When an acid is dissolved in water, the pH will be less than 7 (if at 25Â). --EOI-- Acids have a pH less than 7. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, each human cell has about 1.8 meters of DNA, but wound on the histones it has about 90 millimeters (?) of chromatin, which, when duplicated and condensed during mitosis, result in about 120 micrometers of chromosomes. --EOI-- For example, each human cell has about 1.8 meters of DNA, but wound on the histones it has about 90 millimeters of chromatin, which, when duplicated and condensed during mitosis, result in about 120 micrometers of chromosomes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Histone modifications act in diverse biological processes such as gene regulation, DNA repair and chromosome condensation (mitosis). --EOI-- Histone modifications act in diverse biological processes such as gene regulation, DNA repair and chromosome condensation (mitosis). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Until the early 1990s, histones were dismissed by most as inert packing material for eukaryotic nuclear DNA, based in part on the "ball and stick " models of Mark Ptashne and others who believed transcription was activated by protein-DNA and protein-protein interactions on largely naked DNA templates, as is the case in bacteria. --EOI-- Until the early 1990s, histones were dismissed as merely packing material for nuclear DNA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They are the chief protein components of chromatin, acting as spools around which DNA winds, and play a role in gene regulation. --EOI-- Histones act as spools around which DNA winds, and play a role in gene regulation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pollen is a fine to coarse powder containing the microgametophytes of seed plants, which produce the male gametes (sperm cells). Pollen grains have a hard coat that protects the sperm cells during the process of their movement between the stamens to the pistil of flowering plants or from the male cone to the female cone of coniferous plants. --EOI-- Pollen is a powder made of pollen grains, which produce sperm cells (male cells used for reproduction) of seed plants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cortisol (hydrocortisone) is a steroid hormone, or glucocorticoid, produced by the adrenal gland. --EOI-- Cortisol also called the stress hormone, is located in the adrenal gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Ministry of Culture, Sports and Media On May 7, 2008 the former Ministry of Culture was changed to the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Media (German: BehÃ rde fÃ 1\/4 r Kultur, Sport und Medien), now among other responsible for tourism, the public record office of Hamburg, the office of the protection of historical monuments and the memorial site for the Neuengamme concentration camp. --EOI-- On May 7, 2008 the former Ministry of Culture was changed to the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Media, now among other responsible for tourism, the public record office of Hamburg, the office of the protection of historical monuments and the memorial site for the Neuengamme concentration camp. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Elders are to be independently funded by a group of Founders, including Richard Branson, Peter Gabriel, Ray Chambers; Michael Chambers; Bridgeway Foundation; Pam Omidyar, Humanity United; Amy Robbins; Shashi Ruia, Dick Tarlow; and The United Nations Foundation. --EOI-- The Elders are to be funded by some of its first members, such as Richard Branson, Peter Gabriel, Ray Chambers, Michael Chambers, Bridgeway Foundation, Pam Omidyar, Humanity United, Amy Robbins, Shashi Ruia, Dick Tarlow, and The United Nations Foundation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- We might look at other graphs, in a progression from cat to mammal to animal, and see that animal is more abstract than mammal; but on the other hand mammal is a harder idea to express, certainly in relation to marsupial or monotreme. --EOI-- We might look at other graphs, in a progression from cat to mammal to animal, and see that animal is more abstract than mammal; but on the other hand mammal is a harder idea to express, certainly in relation to marsupial or monotreme. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These organisms are classified as a kingdom, Fungi, which is separate from plants, animals, and bacteria. --EOI-- The Fungi are a separate kingdom of living things, different from animals and plants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A fungus (; pl. fungi or funguses) is a member of a large group of eukaryotic organisms that includes microorganisms such as yeasts and molds (British English: moulds), as well as the more familiar mushrooms. --EOI-- A fungus (plural: fungi) is a kind of living organism: yeasts, moulds and mushrooms are types of fungi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The primary greenhouse gases in the Earth's atmosphere are water vapor, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, and ozone. --EOI-- Other greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide and ozone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is not possible to state that a certain gas causes an exact percentage of the greenhouse effect. This is because some of the gases absorb and emit radiation at the same frequencies as others, so that the total greenhouse effect is not simply the sum of the influence of each gas. --EOI-- Most greenhouse gases are natural- water vapor is the most common, and causes most of the greenhouse effect on Earth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both male and female beavers possess a pair of castor sacs and a pair of anal glands located in two cavities under the skin between the pelvis and the base of the tail. --EOI-- Both male and female beavers have two castor sacs. They have two glands in two empty spaces under the skin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In perfume-making, the term castoreum is more liberally applied to denote the resinoid extract resulting from the dried and alcohol tinctured beaver castor. --EOI-- Castoreum is used in perfume-making. It is used to describe the solution from the alcohol-tinted and dried beaver castor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The castor sacs are not true glands (endocrine or exocrine) on a cellular level, hence references to these structures as preputial glands or castor glands are misnomers. --EOI-- The castor sacs are not glands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Romans believed the fumes produced by burning castoreum could induce an abortion; Paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of epilepsy; and medieval beekeepers used it to increase honey production. --EOI-- The Romans believed the smells made by burning castoreum could bring about an abortion. Paracelsus thought it could be used in the treatment of seizures. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Coenraad Johannes van Houten (March 15, 1801, Amsterdam- 1887, Weesp) was a Dutch chemist and chocolate maker known for the treatment of cocoa mass with alkaline salts to remove the bitter taste and make cocoa solids more water-soluble; the resulting product is still called "Dutch process " chocolate. He is also, incorrectly, credited with introducing a method for pressing the fat (cocoa butter) from roasted cocoa beans, which was in fact his father's invention. --EOI-- Coenraad Johannes van Houten (March 15 1801, Amsterdam- 1887, Weesp) was a Dutch chocolate maker known for creating a method for pressing the fat from roasted cacao beans to create cocoa powder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the sheep's ostensible owner arrives with three police officers to arrest the worker for the theft (a crime punishable by hanging), the worker commits suicide by drowning himself in the nearby watering hole, and then goes on to haunt the site. --EOI-- When the sheep's owner arrives with three policemen to arrest the worker for taking the sheep (a crime punishable by hanging), the worker drowns himself in a small watering hole. The worker's ghost stays to haunt the site. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These were caused, police say, by the electrocution of two boys, Zyed Benna and Bouna TraorÃ; a third boy, Muhittin Altun, suffered electric shock injury from the power substation they were hiding in. --EOI-- This black-out was caused by the death of Zyed Benna and Bouna TraorÃ in the power station and the injury of the third boy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Heart failure (HF) is generally defined as inability of the heart to supply sufficient blood flow to meet the body's needs. It has various diagnostic criteria, and the term heart failure is often incorrectly used to describe other cardiac-related illnesses, such as myocardial infarction (heart attack) or cardiac arrest. --EOI-- Heart failure is different from cardiac arrest, because the heart is still working. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Heart failure basically means that the heart muscles have become weak and do not function as normal. Heart failure is a progressive medical disorder. --EOI-- Heart failure is when the heart can not pump blood well. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The arsenic trisulfide glass is more resistant to oxidation than crystalline arsenic trisulfide, which minimizes toxicity concerns. --EOI-- Arsenic trisulfide is a yellow solid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Paul Stanley is a 1978 album from the rhythm guitarist and lead vocalist of American hard rock band Kiss. --EOI-- Paul Stanley is a solo album from the guitarist of the American hard rock\/heavy metal band Kiss. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An ushanka (Literally "ear hat ") is a Russian fur cap with ear flaps that can be tied up to the crown of the cap, or tied at the chin to protect the ears, jaw and lower chin from the cold. --EOI-- An ushanka is a Russian fur cap with ear flaps that can be tied up to the crown of the cap, or tied at the chin to protect the ears from the cold. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Iodine trichloride can be created by heating a mixture of liquid iodine and chlorine gas to 105Â C. --EOI-- It can also be made by heating liquid iodine with chlorine gas at 105 C. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Valvular heart disease is disease process that affects one or more valves of the heart. --EOI-- If people get heart disease later, it is called acquired heart disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are also more faces along those lines like) o (; using the; as a sweat mark, and the "o " as a mouth, and the inequality signs as the eyes, it shows stress, or slight confusion. --EOI-- There are also more faces along those lines like) o (; using the; as a sweat mark, and the "o " as a mouth, and the inequality signs as the eyes, it shows stress, or slight confusion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Looks of stress are represented by the likes of (x_x) while (-_-;) is a generic emote for nervousness, the semicolon indicating sweat that occurs during anxiety. --EOI-- Looks of stress are represented by the likes of (x_x) while (-_-;) is a generic emote for nervousness, the semicolon indicating sweat that occurs during anxiety. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Others include wink;) a grin: D smug:-) and tongue out: P for disgust or simply just to stick the tongue out for silliness, such as when blowing a raspberry. --EOI-- Others include wink;) a grin: D smug:-) and tongue out: P for disgust or simply just to stick the tongue out for silliness, such as when blowing a raspberry. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Said Pasha invited de Lesseps to pay him a visit, and on 7 November 1854 he landed at Alexandria; on the 30th of the same month Said Pasha signed the concession authorizing him to build the Suez Canal. --EOI-- Said Pasha invited de Lesseps to pay him a visit, and on 7 November 1854 he landed at Alexandria; on the 30th of the same month Said Pasha signed the concession authorizing him to build the Suez Canal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The drug also extends the time before a patient needs ventilation support. --EOI-- The drug also allows more time before a patient needs breathing help. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Patients with the leg onset form may experience awkwardness when walking or running or notice that they are tripping or stumbling, often with a "dropped foot " which drags gently along the ground. --EOI-- In some of these cases, symptoms first affect one of the legs, and patients have awkwardness when walking or running or they notice that they are tripping or stumbling more often. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved only one drug treatment for the disease: Riluzole (Rilutek). --EOI-- However, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved the first drug treatment for the disease: Riluzole (Rilutek). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although only a modest first step, Riluzole offers hope that the progression of ALS may one day be slowed by new medications or a combination of drugs. --EOI-- However, this first ALS therapy offers hope that the assault of ALS may one day be slowed by new medications or combinations of drugs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Riluzole does not reverse the damage already done to motor neurons, and patients taking the drug must be monitored for liver damage (occurring in~ 10% of patients taking the drug) and other possible side effects. --EOI-- Riluzole does not heal the damage already done to motor neurons, and patients taking the drug must be watched for liver damage and other side-effects. --separator-- --simplificataion-- About 75% of people contracting the disease experience "limb onset " ALS i.e. first symptoms in the arms ( "upper limb ", not to be confused with "upper motor neuron ") or legs ( "lower limb ", not to be confused with "lower motor neuron "). --EOI-- About 75% of people have limb onset ALS. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fluency shaping therapy, also known as "speak more fluently ", "prolonged speech " or "connected speech ", trains stutterers to speak fluently by controlling their breathing, phonation, and articulation (lips, jaw, and tongue). --EOI-- Stuttering therapy This therapy is also known as "speak more fluently ", "prolonged speech " or "connected speech. " It trains stutterers to speak fluently (without theâ bumpy bitsâ) by controlling their breathing and how they move their lips, jaw, and tongue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During cycles of global cooling, such as the most recent ice age, enough sea water became concentrated in the ice caps of the Arctic and Antarctic that the subsequent drop in eustatic sea levels exposed shallow sea-floors that have subsequently re-flooded. --EOI-- During cycles of global cooling, such as the most recent ice age, enough sea water became concentrated in the ice caps of the Arctic and Antarctica that the subsequent drop in eustatic sea levels exposed shallow sea floors that have subsequently re-flooded. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purify and characterize the "transforming principle " responsible for the transformation phenomenon first described in Griffith's experiment of 1928: killed Streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type III-S, when injected along with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci, resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci. --EOI-- This was the culmination of research in the 1930s and early 1940s at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research to purify and characterize the "transforming principle " responsible for the phenomenon first described in Griffith's experiment of 1928. In this early experiment dead Streptococcus pneumoniae of the virulent strain type III-S, when injected along with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci, resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The contraction rules take into account the linguistic structure of the word; thus, contractions are not to be used when their use would alter the usual Braille form of a base word to which a prefix or suffix has been added. --EOI-- The contraction rules take into account the linguistic structure of the word; thus, contractions are not to be used when their use would alter the usual braille form of a base word to which a prefix or suffix has been added. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is fleshy in humans and other mammals, the skin being suspended by the chin and the jaws, and forming the lateral wall of the human mouth, visibly touching the cheekbone below the eye. --EOI-- It is fleshy in humans and mammals, the skin being held up by the chin and the jaws, and making the wall of the human mouth, touching the cheekbone below the eye. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It consists of roughly chopped pork and pork jelly sealed in a hot water crust pastry. --EOI-- They are made of chopped pork and pork jelly sealed in a hot water crust pastry, and are most of the time eaten cold. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Karyotypes can be used for many purposes; such as, to study chromosomal aberrations, cellular function, taxonomic relationships, and to gather information about past evolutionary events. --EOI-- Karyotypes may be studied to gather information about past evolutionary events, such as polyploidy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The chromosomes are depicted (by rearranging a microphotograph) in a standard format known as a karyogram or idiogram: in pairs, ordered by size and position of centromere for chromosomes of the same size. --EOI-- The chromosomes are depicted (by rearranging a microphotograph) in a standard format known as a karyogram or idiogram: in pairs, ordered by size and position of centromere for chromosomes of the same size. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many carrot cake recipes include optional ingredients, such as nuts, raisins, pineapple, or coconut. The most common icing on carrot cake is a cream cheese icing (icing sugar, butter and cream cheese). --EOI-- Carrot cake is a sweet and moist spice cake, full of cut carrots and toasted nuts, and covered in cream cheese icing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Carrot cake may be eaten plain, but it is commonly either glazed or topped with white icing or cream cheese icing and walnuts, usually chopped. --EOI-- Carrot cake may be eaten plain, but it is commonly either glazed or covered with white icing or cream cheese icing and walnuts, often cut. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Archipelagos can be found isolated in bodies of water; or a large land mass may neighbor them. For example, Scotland has more than 700 islands surrounding its mainland. --EOI-- Archipelagos are usually found in the open sea; less commonly, a big land mass may neighbor them, an example being Scotland which has more than 700 islands surrounding the mainland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An oil tanker, also known as a petroleum tanker, is a merchant ship designed for the bulk transport of oil. --EOI-- An oil tanker, also known as a petroleum tanker, is a ship made for the bulk transport of oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Haeckel's concept explained, for example, why humans, and indeed all vertebrates, have gill slits and tails early in embryonic development. --EOI-- Haeckel's concept explained, for example, why humans, and indeed all vertebrates, have gill slits and tails early in embryonic development. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Evolutionary developmental biology (evolution of development or informally, evo-devo) is a field of biology that compares the developmental processes of different organisms to determine the ancestral relationship between them, and to discover how developmental processes evolved. It addresses the origin and evolution of embryonic development; how modifications of development and developmental processes lead to the production of novel features, such as the evolution of feathers; the role of developmental plasticity in evolution; how ecology impacts in development and evolutionary change; and the developmental basis of homoplasy and homology. --EOI-- Evolutionary developmental biology interprets development in the light of evolution. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever. --EOI-- He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1951 for developing a vaccine against yellow fever. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the Western world, examples of generally accepted finger food are miniature beef pies, sausage rolls, sausages on sticks, cheese and olives on sticks, chicken drumsticks or wings, spring rolls, miniature quiches, samosas, sandwiches or other such based foods, such as pitas or items in buns, onion bhajis, potato wedges, vol au vents, several other such small items and risotto balls (arancini). --EOI-- Examples of finger food are small beef pies, sausage rolls, sausages on sticks, cheese and olives on sticks, chicken drumsticks or wings, spring rolls, small quiches, samosas, onion bhajis, potato wedges, vol au vents, and risotto balls. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In some cultures, food is almost always eaten with the hands; for example, Ethiopian cuisine is eaten by rolling various dishes up in injera bread. --EOI-- In some cultures, food is almost always eaten with the hands; for example, Ethiopian cuisine is eaten by rolling various dishes up in injera bread. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Biricodar (INN, codename VX-170, marketed as the dicitrate salt under the trade name Incel) is a pharmaceutical drug released by Vertex Pharmaceuticals in 1999 to help treat ovarian cancer patients. --EOI-- Biricodar is dicitrate salt called Incel. It is a pharmaceutical drug made by Vertex Pharmaceuticals in 1999 to help treat ovarian cancer patients. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Today, we know that the "transforming principle " Griffith observed was the DNA of the III-S strain bacteria. --EOI-- Today, we know that the "transforming principle " Griffith saw was the DNA of the III-S strain bacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Griffith used two strains of pneumococcus (Streptococcus pneumoniae) bacteria which infect mice-- a type III-S (smooth) and type II-R (rough) strain. --EOI-- These bacteria infect mice. He used a type III-S (smooth) and type II-R (rough) strain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Griffith concluded that the type II-R had been "transformed " into the lethal III-S strain by a "transforming principle " that was somehow part of the dead III-S strain bacteria. --EOI-- He concluded that the type II-R had been "transformed " into the lethal III-S strain by a "transforming principle " that was somehow part of the dead III-S strain bacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The III-S strain DNA contains the genes that form the protective polysaccharide capsule. --EOI-- The III-S strain DNA contains the genes that form the shielding polysaccharide part from attack. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Selection quickly acted on the resultant conical shells to form them to overlap into protective armor; their original cones are homologous to the tips of the plates of modern chitons. --EOI-- Selection acted on the resultant conical shells to form them to overlap into protective armor. Their original cones are homologous with the tips of the plates of modern chitons. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In accordance with the private way in which Crichton lived his life, his battle with throat cancer was not made public until his death. According to Crichton's brother Douglas, Crichton was diagnosed with lymphoma in early 2008. --EOI-- Crichton is well known for Jurassic Park, a book that became a film series. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sokka and Toph are separated from Suki and attack another airship, but Sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm grabbing hold of Toph, who was falling off the ship. --EOI-- Sokka and Toph are separated from Suki and attack another airship, but Sokka breaks his leg and strains his arm grabbing hold of Toph, who was falling off the ship. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It also has insect repellent properties (Jahn 1991 a, b; 1992), and is an active ingredient in some commercial mosquito repellents (Fradin& Day 2002). --EOI-- Eucalyptus oil is an insect repellent (Fradin& Day 2002). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eucalypts draw a tremendous amount of water from the soil through the process of transpiration. --EOI-- Eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eucalyptus oil is readily steam distilled from the leaves and can be used for cleaning, deodorising, and in very small quantities in food supplements, especially sweets, cough drops, toothpaste and decongestants. --EOI-- Eucalyptus oil is refined from the leaves by steaming. It can be used for cleaning, deodorising, and in very small amounts in food supplements, especially sweets, cough drops and decongestants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Grace Slick (born Grace Barnett Wing; October 30, 1939) is an American singer and songwriter, who was one of the lead singers of the rock groups The Great Society, Jefferson Airplane, Jefferson Starship, and Starship, and was a solo artist, for nearly three decades, from the mid-1960s to the mid-1990s. --EOI-- Grace Slick (born Grace Barnett Wing; October 30, 1939) is an American singer-songwriter from Evanston, Illinois. She is known for being the lead singer of bands like Jefferson Airplane, Jefferson Starship and Starship. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a chemist, Michael Faraday discovered benzene, investigated the clathrate hydrate of chlorine, invented an early form of the Bunsen burner and the system of oxidation numbers, and popularized terminology such as anode, cathode, electrode, and ion. --EOI-- As a chemist, Michael Faraday discovered benzene, invented an early type of Bunsen burner, and popularized terminology such as anode, cathode, electrode, and ion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Crop milk is a secretion from the lining of the crop of parent birds that is regurgitated to young birds. --EOI-- Crop milk is a way of feeding from the crop of parent birds, by regurgitating to young birds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This award was also available in cloth form, which made for easier wear on the combat uniform; Helmuth Weidling wore this variety during his defense of Berlin in April-May 1945. Far more awards in gold (combat) were made than in silver (support). --EOI-- This award was also available in cloth, which made for easier wear on the combat uniform. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Each pixel of an LCD typically consists of a layer of molecules aligned between two transparent electrodes, and two polarizing filters, the axes of transmission of which are (in most of the cases) perpendicular to each other. --EOI-- Each pixel of a LCD is typically made of a layer of molecules which are aligned between two transparent electrodes. There are also two polarizing filters, one on each side. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The surface of the electrodes that are in contact with the liquid crystal material are treated so as to align the liquid crystal molecules in a particular direction. --EOI-- The surface of the electrodes that are in contact with the liquid crystal materials are treated so that they align the liquid crystal molecules in a particular direction. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This treatment typically consists of a thin polymer layer that is unidirectionally rubbed using, for example, a cloth. --EOI-- This treatment typically consists of a thin polymer layer that is unidirectionally rubbed using, for example, a cloth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because of this, these devices are usually operated between crossed polarizers such that they appear bright with no voltage (the eye is much more sensitive to variations in the dark state than the bright state). --EOI-- Because of this, these devices are usually operated between crossed polarizers such that they appear bright with no voltage (the eye is much more sensitive to variations in the dark state than the bright state). --separator-- --simplificataion-- We hope and rely on thy care and assistance in this affair and that thou wilt procure and forward it by the first good oppo as our workmen inform us it will be much less trouble to hang the Bell before their Scaffolds are struck from the Building where we intend to place it which will not be done'till the end of next Summer or beginning of the Fall. --EOI-- We hope and rely (trust) on thy (your) care and assistance (help) in this affair and that thou (you) wilt (will) procure (get) and forward it by the first good oppo as our workmen inform us it will be much less trouble to hang the Bell before their Scaffolds are struck from the Building where we intend (wish) to place it which will not be done'till the end of next Summer or beginning of the Fall. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Charles duly ordered the bell from Thomas Lester of the London bellfounding firm of Lester and Pack (today the Whitechapel Bell Foundry) for the sum ofÂ# 150 13s 8d, (equivalent to approximately$ 36,400 today) including freight to Philadelphia and insurance. --EOI-- So Charles paid Lester and Pack (today the Whitechapel Bell Foundry)Â# 150 13s 8d, (the same amount of money as about$ 36,400 today) for the bell, including the cost of taking it to Philadelphia and its insurance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cone icon used in VLC is a reference to the traffic cones collected by Ecole Centrale's Networking Students' Association. --EOI-- The icon of VLC is a traffic cones collected by Ecole Centrale's Networking Students' Association. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It also gained distinction as the first player to support playback of encrypted DVDs on Linux by using the libdvdcss DVD decryption library. --EOI-- VLC gained honor as the first player to support playback of encrypted DVDs on Linux by using the libdvdcss DVD library. --separator-- --simplificataion-- DDT itself was not lethal to the adult bird, but it interfered with the bird's calcium metabolism, making the bird either sterile or unable to lay healthy eggs. --EOI-- The DDT destroyed an adult bird's calcium, and it would become unable to lay more healthy eggs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both nalorphine and naloxone are full antagonists and will treat an opioid overdose, but naltrexone is longer-acting than naloxone (although neither is an irreversible antagonist like naloxazone), making naloxone a better emergency antidote. --EOI-- Naltrexone can help with overdose, but naloxone is more helpful in those cases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- She displays whatever emanation form will tame Any given (person), just as, for example, the full moon in the sky Emerges as (various) reflections in different water vessels. --EOI-- In fact, She displays whatever emanation form will tame Any given (person), just as, for example, the full moon in the sky Emerges as (various) reflections in different water vessels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At around 600 cmÂ brain volume, the skull D2700 is dated to 1.77 million years old and in good condition offering insights in comparison to the modern human cranial morphology. --EOI-- At around 600 cmÂ brain volume, the skull D2700 is dated to 1.77 million years old and in good condition offering insights in comparison to the modern human cranial morphology. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Railways now bypass the three major falls, and much of the trade of central Africa passes along the river, including copper, palm oil (as kernels), sugar, coffee, and cotton. --EOI-- Railways now cross the three major falls, and much of the trade of central Africa passes along the river, including copper, palm oil, sugar, coffee, and cotton. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other topics studied in thermal physics include: chemical potential, the quantum nature of an ideal gas, i.e. in terms of fermions and bosons, Bose-Einstein condensation, Gibbs free energy, Helmholtz free energy, chemical equilibrium, phase equilibrium, the equipartition theorem, entropy at absolute zero, and transport processes as mean free path, viscosity, and conduction. --EOI-- Other topics studied in thermal physics include: chemical potential, the quantum nature of an ideal gas, i.e. in terms of fermions and bosons, Bose-Einstein condensation, Gibbs free energy, Helmholtz free energy, chemical equilibrium, phase equilibrium, the equipartition theorem, entropy at absolute zero, and transport processes as mean free path, viscosity, and conduction. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The aim is to detect birth defects such as neural tube defects, Down syndrome, chromosome abnormalities, genetic diseases and other conditions, such as spina bifida, cleft palate, Tay Sachs disease, sickle cell anemia, thalassemia, cystic fibrosis, and fragile x syndrome. --EOI-- The tests can be used to check for conditions such as Down syndrome, spina bifida, cleft palate, Tay Sachs disease, sickle cell anemia, thalassemia, cystic fibrosis, and fragile x syndrome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Normally, water that has accrued in a drainage basin eventually flows out through rivers or streams on Earth's surface or by underground diffusion through permeable rock, ultimately ending up in the oceans. However, in an endorheic basin, rain (or other precipitation) that falls within it does not flow out but may only leave the drainage system by evaporation and seepage. --EOI-- An endorheic basin, also called an internal drainage system, is a drainage basin, or watershed, that does not flow to one of the Earth's major oceans. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Exoskeletons contain rigid and resistant components that fulfil a set of functional roles including protection, excretion, sensing, support, feeding and acting as a barrier against desiccation in terrestrial organisms. --EOI-- Exoskeletons contain rigid and resistant components that fulfil a set of functional roles including protection, excretion, sensing, support, feeding and (for terrestrial organisms) acting as a barrier against desiccation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Soloists sing the words of various characters, also in recitative; in addition to Jesus, there are named parts for Judas, Peter, two high priests, Pontius Pilate, Pilate's wife, two witnesses and two ancillae (maids). --EOI-- So, as well as Jesus, there are small parts for Judas, Peter, two high priests, Pontius Pilate, Pilate's wife, two witnesses and two ancillae (maids). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although technically a type of EEPROM, the term "EEPROM " is generally used to refer specifically to non-flash EEPROM which is erasable in small blocks, typically bytes. Because erase cycles are slow, the large block sizes used in flash memory erasing give it a significant speed advantage over old-style EEPROM when writing large amounts of data. --EOI-- The main difference between EEPROM and flash memory is that EEPROM can "write " to any byte of memory, at any time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Fallopian tubes, named after Gabriele Falloppio, also known as oviducts, uterine tubes, and salpinges (singular salpinx) are two very fine tubes lined with ciliated epithelia, leading from the ovaries of female mammals into the uterus, via the utero-tubal junction. --EOI-- The fallopian tubes (also known as oviducts and uterine tubes) connect the ovaries to the uterus, and let the ovum pass into the uterus where they are able to be fertilized by sperm during sexual intercourse or other ways, such as artificial insemination. There are two Fallopian tubes attached to either side of the uterus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the United Kingdom and some Commonwealth countries, pudding refers to rich, fairly homogeneous starch- or dairy-based desserts such as rice pudding and Christmas pudding, or, informally, any sweet dish after the main course. The word is also used for savory dishes such as Yorkshire pudding, black pudding, suet pudding and steak and kidney pudding. --EOI-- If you do not want to make the pudding, you do not have to. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In mammals, there are two broad types of stem cells: embryonic stem cells that are isolated from the inner cell mass of blastocysts, and adult stem cells that are found in various tissues. --EOI-- The two broad types of mammalian stem cells are: embryonic stem cells, and adult stem cells, which are found in adult tissues. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stem cells are biological cells found in all multicellular organisms, that can divide through mitosis and differentiate into diverse specialized cell types and can self renew to produce more stem cells. In mammals, there are two broad types of stem cells: embryonic stem cells that are isolated from the inner cell mass of blastocysts, and adult stem cells that are found in various tissues. --EOI-- Stem cells are found in most, if not all, plants and animals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stem cells can now be artificially grown and transformed into specialized cell types with characteristics consistent with cells of various tissues such as muscles or nerves through cell culture. --EOI-- Stem cells can be grown in cell culture. In culture, they can be transformed into specialised cells, such as those of muscles or nerves. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In adult organisms, stem cells and progenitor cells act as a repair system for the body, replenished in adult tissues. In a developing embryo, stem cells can differentiate into all the specialized cells, but also maintain the normal turnover of regenerative organs, such as blood, skin, or intestinal tissues. --EOI-- In adult organisms, stem cells act as a repair system for the body, replenishing specialized cells, but also maintain the normal turnover of blood, skin, and intestinal tissues. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The prosencephalon, the mesencephalon (midbrain), and rhombencephalon (hindbrain) are the three primary portions of the brain during early development of the central nervous system. --EOI-- The prosencephalon (or forebrain), the mesencephalon (midbrain), and rhombencephalon (hindbrain) are the three primary portions of the brain of vertebrates. They develop very early during development of the central nervous system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes, it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly. --EOI-- When the embryonic prosencephalon fails to divide the brain into two lobes, it results in a condition known as holoprosencephaly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example; milk sugar (lactose) is made from glucose and galactose whereas the sugar from sugar cane and sugar beets (sucrose) is made from glucose and fructose. --EOI-- For example, milk sugar (lactose) is made from glucose and galactose whereas cane sugar (sucrose) is made from glucose and fructose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mechanical stimulation (such as by predator attack) causes "reflex bleeding " in both larval and adult ladybird beetles, in which an alkaloid toxin is exuded through the joints of the exoskeleton, deterring feeding. --EOI-- Mechanical stimulation (such as by predator attack) causes "reflex bleeding " in both larval and adult ladybird beetles, in which a toxin is put through the joints of the exoskeleton, deterring feeding. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Medical thermometers such as mercury-in-glass thermometers, infrared thermometers, pill thermometers, and liquid crystal thermometers are used within health care to determine if individuals have a fever or are hypothermic. --EOI-- Today we use electronic thermometers. Sometimes thermometers with liquids are used, but not with mercury. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thermometers are used in the production of candy. Medical thermometers such as mercury-in-glass thermometers, infrared thermometers, pill thermometers, and liquid crystal thermometers are used within health care to determine if individuals have a fever or are hypothermic. --EOI-- There are other kinds of medical thermometers: tympanic thermometers test the temperature of the tympan (the eardrum) with infrared; band thermometers test a person's temperature on the front of their head. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has often been reported that in the advanced stages of his arthritis, he painted by having a brush strapped to his paralyzed fingers, but this is erroneous; Renoir remained able to grasp a brush, although he required an assistant to place it in his hand. --EOI-- It has often been reported that in the advanced stages of his arthritis, he painted by having a brush strapped to his paralyzed fingers, but this is erroneous; Renoir remained able to grasp a brush, although he required an assistant to place it in his hand. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the late 1860s, through the practice of painting light and water en plein air (in the open air), he and his friend Claude Monet discovered that the color of shadows is not brown or black, but the reflected color of the objects surrounding them, an effect today known as diffuse reflection. --EOI-- In the late 1860s, through the practice of painting light and water en plein air (in the open air), he and his friend Claude Monet discovered that the color of shadows is not brown or black, but the reflected color of the objects surrounding them, an effect today known as diffuse reflection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- C.H. Spurgeon, too, suffered ill health toward the end of his life, afflicted by a combination of rheumatism, gout, and Bright's disease. --EOI-- Near the end of his life, he had poor health with rheumatism, gout, and Bright's disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The scales around the ears, lips, chin, and soles of the feet may have three or more sensory plaques. --EOI-- The scales around its ears, lips, chin, and bottoms of the feet may have three or more of these connections. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because the Komodo dragon does not have a diaphragm, it can not suck water when drinking, nor can it lap water with its tongue. --EOI-- Because the Komodo dragon does not have a diaphragm, it can not suck water when drinking. It can not lap water with its tongue either. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For smaller prey up to the size of a goat, their loosely articulated jaws, flexible skull, and expandable stomach allow it to swallow its prey whole. --EOI-- They can swallow smaller prey, up to the size of a goat, whole. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Komodo dragon uses its tongue to detect, taste, and smell stimuli, as with many other reptiles, with the vomeronasal sense using the Jacobson's organ. --EOI-- The Komodo dragon uses its tongue to taste and smell like many other reptiles. They have a special part of the body called the Jacobson's organ for smelling. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After regurgitating the gastric pellet, it rubs its face in the dirt or on bushes to get rid of the mucus, suggesting that it, like humans, does not relish the scent of its own excretions. --EOI-- After vomiting, it rubs its face in the dirt or on bushes to get rid of the mucus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The point where the solar wind slows down is the termination shock; the point where the interstellar medium and solar wind pressures balance is called the heliopause; the point where the interstellar medium, traveling in the opposite direction, slows down as it collides with the heliosphere is the bow shock. --EOI-- The point where the solar wind slows down is the termination shock; the point where the interstellar medium and solar wind pressures balance is called the heliopause; the point where the interstellar medium, traveling in the opposite direction, slows down as it collides with the heliosphere is the bow shock. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Paddles commonly used in canoes consist of a wooden, fibreglass, carbon fiber or metal rod (the shaft) with a handle on one end and a rigid sheet (the blade) on the other end. --EOI-- Paddles commonly used in canoes consist of a wooden, fibreglass or metal rod (the shaft) with a handle on one end and a rigid sheet (the blade) on the other end. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In humans, "disease " is often used more broadly to refer to any condition that causes pain, dysfunction, distress, social problems, and\/or death to the person afflicted, or similar problems for those in contact with the person. --EOI-- A disease or medical condition is an abnormality of the body or mind that causes pain and discomfort, dysfunction, distress, or death to the person afflicted or those in contact with the person. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In this broader sense, it sometimes includes injuries, disabilities, disorders, syndromes, infections. Isolated symptoms, deviant behaviors, and atypical variations of structure and function, while in other contexts and for other purposes these may be considered distinguishable categories. --EOI-- The term is sometimes used broadly to include injuries, disabilities, disorders, syndromes, infections, symptoms, deviant behaviors, and atypical variations of structure and function, while in other contexts these may be considered separate categories. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A range of sunflower varieties exist with differing fatty acid compositions; some` high oleic' types contain a higher level of monounsaturated fats in their oil than even olive oil. --EOI-- A range of sunflower varieties exist with differing fatty acid compositions; some` high oleic' types contain a higher level of healthy monounsaturated fats in their oil than Olive oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In art, he is portrayed as a bearded mummified man, often wearing a skull cap, with his hands holding an ankh, was, and djed, the symbols of life, power and stability, respectively. --EOI-- In art, he is shown as a bearded mummified man, often wearing a skull cap, holding a djed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Jobi Manucode, Manucodia jobiensis is a medium-sized, up to 34 cm long, greenish blue, black and purple glossed crow-like bird of paradise with red iris, lightly crinkled bluish short upper breast and neck feathers. --EOI-- The Jobi Manucode (Manucodia jobiensis) is a medium-sized bird of paradise, that grows up to 34cm long. It looks greenish blue, black and purple glossed crow-like with red iris, lightly crinkled bluish short upper breast and neck feathers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The raw resin (charas), however, which is extracted from the female tops of the cannabis sativa L, together with the various preparations (hashish, chira, esrar, diamba, etc.) of which it forms the basis, not being at present utilized for medical purposes and only being susceptible of utilisation for harmful purposes, in the same manner as other narcotics, may not be produced, sold, traded in, etc., under any circumstances whatsoever. --EOI-- The raw resin (charas), however, which is extracted from the female tops of the cannabis sativa L, together with the various preparations (hashish, chira, esrar, diamba, etc.) of which it forms the basis, not being at present utilized for medical purposes and only being susceptible of utilisation for harmful purposes, in the same manner as other narcotics, may not be produced, sold, traded in, etc., under any circumstances whatsoever. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A DNA construct may express wildtype protein, prevent the expression of certain genes by expressing competitors or inhibitors, or express mutant proteins, such as deletion mutations or missense mutations. --EOI-- A DNA construct may express wildtype protein, or prevent the expression of certain genes by expressing competitors or inhibitors. It may express mutant proteins, such as deletion mutations or missense mutations. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It often contains a DNA insert, which contains the gene sequence encoding a protein of interest, that has been subcloned into a vector, which contains bacterial resistance genes for growth in bacteria, and promoters for expression in the organism. --EOI-- It often contains a DNA insert, which contains the gene sequence encoding a protein of interest. The DNA insert has been subcloned into a molecular biology vector. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has many police and law enforcement officers such as; the NYPD, the (MTA) Police (that used to be called the Metro North Commuter Railroad Police), the Port Authority Police, the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and U.S. Customs and others. --EOI-- It has many police and law enforcement officers such as; the NYPD, the (MTA) Police (that used to be called the Metro North Commuter Railroad Police), the Port Authority Police, the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and U.S. Customs and others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tourette syndrome (also called Tourette's syndrome, Tourette's disorder, Gilles de la Tourette syndrome, GTS or, more commonly, simply Tourette's or TS) is an inherited neuropsychiatric disorder with onset in childhood, characterized by multiple physical (motor) tics and at least one vocal (phonic) tic; these tics characteristically wax and wane. --EOI-- Tourette syndrome can also be called Tourette's syndrome, Tourette's disorder, GTS, Tourette's, or TS. People that have Tourette's have tics (movements or sounds that the person can not easily control). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1772 Jean-AndrÃ Deluc studied the several substances then used in thermometers in the light of new theories of heat and came to the conclusion that mercurial thermometers were the best for practical use; for example, if two equal amounts of water at x and y degrees were mixed, the temperature of the result was then the average of x and y degrees, and this relationship only held reliably when mercury was used. --EOI-- In 1772 Jean-AndrÃ Deluc studied the several substances used in thermometers at the time. At the time, new theories of heat were being developed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In a ball and socket (spheroid) joint, the ball-shaped surface of one rounded bone fits into the cup-like depression of another bone. --EOI-- A ball and socket joint (enarthrosis, spheroidal joint) is a joint in which the ball-shaped surface of a bone fits into the cup-like indentation of another bone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As we have said already, all animals that live on farinaceous food grow fat willy-nilly; and man is no exception to the universal law. --EOI-- As we have said already, all animals that live on farinaceous food grow fat willy-nilly; and man is no exception to the universal law. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Herbivorous animals do not grow fat easily, at least until age has reduced them to a state of inactivity; but they fatten very quickly as soon as they begin to be fed on potatoes, grain, or any kind of flour. --EOI-- Herbivorous animals do not grow fat easily, at least until age has reduced them to a state of inactivity; but they fatten very quickly as soon as they begin to be fed on potatoes, grain, or any kind of flour. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In larger towns and cities, such as London, common diseases arising from lack of sanitation included smallpox, measles, malaria, typhus, diphtheria, Scarlet fever, and chickenpox. --EOI-- In larger towns and cities, such as London, common diseases arising from lack of sanitation included smallpox, measles, malaria, typhus, diphtheria, Scarlet fever, and chickenpox. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The head of the brush can be made from the hair (or feathers) of a wide variety of animals, including the weasel, rabbit, deer, chicken, duck, goat, pig, tiger, wolf, etc.. --EOI-- The head of the brush is made of the hair of animals, like the wolf, rabbit, deer, chicken, duck, goat, pig and tiger, etc. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As before, she is created by Hephaestus, but now more gods contribute to her completion (63â "82): Athena taught her needlework and weaving (63â "4); Aphrodite "shed grace upon her head and cruel longing and cares that weary the limbs " (65â "6); Hermes gave her "a shameful mind and deceitful nature " (67â "8); Hermes also gave her the power of speech, putting in her "lies and crafty words " (77â "80); Athena then clothed her (72); next she, Persuasion and the Charites adorned her with necklaces and other finery (72â "4); the Horae adorned her with a garland crown (75). --EOI-- As before, she is created by Hephaestus, but now more gods help completing her (lines 63-82): Athena taught her needlework and weaving (63â "4); Aphrodite "shed grace upon her head and cruel longing and cares that weary the limbs " (65â "6); Hermes gave her "a shameful mind and deceitful nature " (67â "8); Hermes also gave her the power of speech, putting in her "lies and crafty words " (77â "80); Athena then clothed her (72); next she, Persuasion and the Charites adorned her with necklaces and other finery (72â "4); the Horae adorned her with a garland crown (75). --separator-- --simplificataion-- He for whom Zeus the lord of thunder mixes the gifts he sends, will meet now with good and now with evil fortune; but he to whom Zeus sends none but evil gifts will be pointed at by the finger of scorn, the hand of famine will pursue him to the ends of the world, and he will go up and down the face of the earth, respected neither by gods nor men. --EOI-- He for whom Zeus the lord of thunder mixes the gifts he sends, will meet now with good and now with evil fortune; but he to whom Zeus sends none but evil gifts will be pointed at by the finger of scorn, the hand of famine will pursue him to the ends of the world, and he will go up and down the face of the earth, respected neither by gods nor men. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For she brings with her a jar or, in most stories, a box containing "burdensome toil and sickness that brings death to men " (91â "2), diseases (102) and "a myriad other pains " (100). --EOI-- The box contains "burdensome toil and sickness that brings death to men " (91â "2), diseases (102) and "a myriad other pains " (100). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cone cells, or cones, are photoreceptor cells in the retina of the eye that are responsible for color vision; they function best in relatively bright light, as opposed to rod cells that work better in dim light. --EOI-- Cone cells or simply cones special photoreceptor cells in the retina. They react to light and work best in relatively bright light. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Commonly used ingredients include sesame oil, doenjang (fermented bean paste), soy sauce, salt, garlic, ginger, pepper flakes and gochujang (fermented red chili paste). --EOI-- Sesame oil, doenjang, soy sauce, salt, garlic, ginger, pepper and gochujang are ingredients that are often used in the food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is served either filled or covered with sweetened mung bean paste, red bean paste, mashed red beans, raisins, a sweetened filling made with sesame seeds, sweet pumpkin, beans, jujubes, pine nuts, and\/or honey). --EOI-- It is usually filled or covered with sweet mung bean paste, red bean paste, raisins, or a sweet, creamy filling made with sesame seeds, pumpkin, beans, pine nuts, and honey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The unguis is the harder external layer, which consists of keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an oblique angle. --EOI-- The unguis is the outside hard layer, which has keratin fibers arranged perpendicular to the direction of growth and in layers at an angle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These individuals do not have actual claws; instead the unguis appears normal with the addition of a thick growth of subunguis. --EOI-- These certain animals do not have actual claws, instead the unguis appears normal along with a thick growth of subunguis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The claw grows outward from the nail matrix at the base of the unguis and the subunguis grows thicker while traveling across the nail bed. --EOI-- The claw grows outward from the nail matrix at the base of the unguis and the subunguis grows thicker while traveling across the nail bed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A nail that is big enough to bear weight is called a` hoof' (see also Horse hoof. --EOI-- A nail that is big enough to hold weight is called a` hoof' (see also Horse hoof. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A claw is a curved, pointed appendage, found at the end of a toe or finger in most mammals, birds, and some reptiles. --EOI-- It is found at the end of a toe or finger in many mammals, birds, and some reptiles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Claws are used to catch and hold prey in carnivorous mammals such as cats and dogs, but may also be used for such purposes as digging, climbing trees, etc., in those and other species. --EOI-- They are used by some meat eating mammals such as cats and dogs to catch and hold prey, but they may also be used for other things such as digging, climbing trees, and so on, in those and other species. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The subunguis is the softer, flaky underside layer whose grain is parallel to the direction of growth. --EOI-- The subunguis is the soft, flaky layer, and the grain is parallel to the direction of growth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Every so often, the growth of claws stops and restarts, as does hair. --EOI-- Every so often, the growth of claws stops and restarts, just like the growth of hair. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Leukemia (American English) or leukemia (British English) is a type of cancer of the blood or bone marrow characterized by an abnormal increase of white blood cells. Leukemia is a broad term covering a spectrum of diseases. --EOI-- There are many kinds of leukemia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- News Corporation's Digital Media Group (NDM), also known as News Corp.. Digital Media and formerly Fox Interactive Media, oversees the Internet business operations of media giant News Corporation, and was formed to oversee News Corporation's new media acquisitions, including IGN Entertainment, MySpace and Photobucket. --EOI-- Digital Media is a subsidiary of News Corporation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Potential amulets include gems, especially engraved gems, statues, coins, drawings, pendants, rings, plants and animals; even words said in certain occasionsâ " for example: vade retro satanaâ " (Latin, "go back, Satan "), to repel evil or bad luck. --EOI-- Usually amulets are gems, statues, coins, drawings, pendants, rings, plants, animals, etc.. Even words can be amulets, such as vade retro satanaâ " (Latin, "go back, Satan "), to make bad luck go away. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the anterior side of the head are the maxilla and lower mandible for the mouth, a pair of nostrils, and two lidless eyes. --EOI-- On the top side of the fish, there is a mouth, a pair of nostrils, and two lidless eyes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In anatomy, a septum (Latin for something that encloses; plural septa) is a wall, dividing a cavity or structure into smaller ones. --EOI-- A septum (Latin: something that encloses; plural Septa) is a partition separating two cavities or spaces. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season which struck the Canary Islands as a strong extratropical storm causing significant damage and then crossed over Morocco with little impact there. --EOI-- Tropical Storm Delta was a late-forming tropical storm which affected the Canary Islands and Morocco as a strong extratropical storm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are few exceptions, such as when the mother is taking certain drugs or is infected with human T-lymphotropic virus, HIV, or has active untreated tuberculosis. --EOI-- There are some exceptions: when the mother takes drugs or is infected with tuberculosis or AIDS. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oil refinery cracking processes allow the production of "light " products such as liquified petroleum gas (LPG) and gasoline from heavier crude oil distillation fractions such as gas oils and residues. Fluid catalytic cracking produces a high yield of gasoline and LPG, while hydrocracking is a major source of jet fuel, diesel, naphtha, and LPG. --EOI-- Cracking is used in petroleum to form "light " products such as LPG and gasoline. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The parietal eye is part of the pineal complex, another part of which is the pineal gland, which in tuatara secretes melatonin at night. --EOI-- The parietal eye is part of the pineal system. The animal's pineal gland secretes melatonin at night. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Xenon is used in light-emitting devices called xenon flash lamps, which are used in photographic flashes and stroboscopic lamps; to excite the active medium in lasers which then generate coherent light; and, occasionally, in bactericidal lamps. --EOI-- Xenon gas is used in electron tubes, bactericidal lamps, stobe lamps, and lamps used to excite ruby lasers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chef salad (or chef's salad) is a salad consisting of hard-boiled eggs; one or more meats such as ham, turkey, chicken, or roast beef; tomatoes; cucumbers; and cheese; all placed upon a bed of tossed lettuce or other leaf vegetables. --EOI-- Chef salad (sometimes called chef's salad) is a type of salad. It usually includes a bed of leaf vegetables or lettuce, which can be served with hard boiled eggs, strips of meat (such as ham, roast beef, or turkey), cheese, cucumbers, croutons, and tomatoes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Within Herpesviridae, CMV belongs to the Betaherpesvirinae subfamily, which also includes the genera Muromegalovirus and Roseolovirus. --EOI-- CMV belongs to the Betaherpesvirinae subfamily of Herpesviridae, which also includes Roseolovirus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is related to other herpesviruses within the subfamilies of Alphaherpesvirinae that includes herpes simplex viruses (HSV)-1 and-2 and varicella-zoster virus (VZV), and the Gammaherpesvirinae subfamily that includes Epstein-Barr virus. --EOI-- Other herpesviruses fall into the subfamilies of Alphaherpesvirinae (including HSV 1 and 2 and varicella) or Gammaherpesvirinae (including Epstein-Barr virus). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nickel is pre-eminently an alloy metal, and its chief use is in the nickel steels and nickel cast irons, of which there are many varieties. It is also widely used in many other alloys, such as nickel brasses and bronzes, and alloys with copper, chromium, aluminium, lead, cobalt, silver, and gold. --EOI-- Nickel is used in metal alloys. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Any impurities remain solid while the nickel carbonyl gas passes into a large chamber at high temperatures in which tens of thousands of nickel spheres, called pellets, are constantly stirred. The nickel carbonyl decomposes, depositing pure nickel onto the nickel spheres. --EOI-- The nickel carbonyl is blown into nickel pellets, where it coats the pellets with pure nickel and puts out carbon monoxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since the eviction in March 2007, former users and supporters held weekly demonstrations for a new Ungdomshuset, the demonstrations initially starting from nearby square` BlÃ gÃ rds Plads' (and later Gammel Torv) every Thursday at 5 p.m. and going to various places in Copenhagen, the starting point being later changed to Gammel Torv in downtown Copenhagen as demonstrators said they were getting closer to the politicians concerning a solution for a new Ungdomshus at an old school. --EOI-- Ever since the eviction in March 2007, former users and supporters have held weekly demonstrations for a new Ungdomshuset, the demonstrations starting from nearby square` BlÃ gÃ rds Plads' every Thursday at 5 p.m. and going to various places in Copenhagen. The starting point has recently been changed to Gammel Torv in response to the demonstraters saying they are getting closer to the politicians concerning a solution for a new Ungdomshus at an old school. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Movie World, a movie theme park by Warner Bros, Ferrari World, hotels including Yas Marina Hotel, a water park, and Yas Mall, the Abu Dhabi destination retail development of 300,000 sq m retail area; links and parkland golf courses, lagoon hotels, marinas, polo clubs, apartments, villas and food and beverage outlets that will create a tourist destination. --EOI-- The Ferrari theme park, Ferrari World Abu Dhabi. Hotels including Yas Marina Hotel. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Idle Hands is a 1999 horror comedy film directed by Rodman Flender, written by Terri Hughes and Ron Milbauer, and starring Devon Sawa, Seth Green, Elden Henson, Jessica Alba, and Vivica A. Fox. --EOI-- Idle Hands is a 1999 comedy\/ horror movie starring Devon Sawa, Seth Green, and Jessica Alba with Elden Henson and Vivica A. Fox. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The main plot follows the life of an average lazy stoner teenager, Anton Tobias (portrayed by Sawa), whose hand becomes possessed and goes on a killing spree, even after being cut off from his arm. --EOI-- It follows the life of a teen whose hand becomes possessed and goes on a killing spree, even after being cut off from his arm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other organs which are not so well known for their endocrine activity include the stomach, which produces such hormones as ghrelin. --EOI-- Other organs which are not so well known for their endocrine activity include the stomach, which produces such hormones as ghrelin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The main endocrine glands include the pituitary gland, pancreas, ovaries, testes, thyroid gland, and adrenal glands. --EOI-- The main Endocrine glands include the pituitary gland, the pancreas, the gonads, the thyroid gland and the adrenal glands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Endocrine glands are glands of the endocrine system that secrete their products, hormones, directly into the blood rather than through a duct. --EOI-- Endocrine glands are glands that secrete their product (hormones) directly into the blood. This group contains the glands of the Endocrine system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Groove is the sense of propulsive rhythmic "feel " or sense of "swing " created by the interaction of the music played by a band's rhythm section (drums, electric bass or double bass, guitar, and keyboards). --EOI-- Groove is the sense of rhythmic "feel " or sense of "swing " created by music played by a band's rhythm section (drums, electric bass or double bass, guitar, and keyboards). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The result may be a decorated object in itself, as when silver, gold, steel, or glass are engraved, or may provide an intaglio printing plate, of copper or another metal, for printing images on paper as prints or illustrations; these images are also called engravings. --EOI-- The result may be a decorative piece in itself, as when silver, gold or steel are engraved, or may provide a printing plate of copper or another metal, for printing images on paper which are also called engravings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The symptoms of pneumothorax can be subtle, especially in those with PSP, and confirmation with medical imaging is usually required. In contrast, tension pneumothorax is ideally treated before imaging, especially if there is severe hypoxia, very low blood pressure, or an impaired level of consciousness; however, X-rays are sometimes required if there is doubt about the location of the pneumothorax. --EOI-- These are a closed pneumothorax, and an open pneumothorax. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Secondary spontaneous pneumothorax occurs in the setting of a variety of lung diseases. --EOI-- This sometimes happens when the lung is already injured somehow, like from diseases such as cancer or cystic fibrosis. The most common cause of closed pneumothorax is called spontaneous pneumothorax. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some slide rules ( "duplex " models) have scales on both sides of the rule and slide strip, others on one side of the outer strips and both sides of the slide strip (which can usually be pulled out, flipped over and reinserted for convenience), still others on one side only ( "simplex " rules). --EOI-- Some slide rules ( "duplex " models) have scales on both sides of the rule and slide strip, others on one side of the outer strips and both sides of the slide strip, still others on one side only ( "simplex " rules). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Clara and the Prince travel in a nutshell boat pulled by dolphins to the beautiful Land of Sweets in Confiturembourg, ruled by the Sugar Plum Fairy in the Prince's place until his return. The Prince recounts for the Sugar Plum Fairy how he had been saved by Clara from the Mouse King and had been transformed back into a Prince. --EOI-- Clara and the Prince arrive in the Land of the Sugar Plum Fairy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has hard and stiff plumage, a brown casque, blue face and neck, red nape and two red wattles hanging down its throat. --EOI-- It lives in tropical rainforest and feeds mostly on fallen fruit, red nape and two red wattles hanging down its throat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its role is to build the foundations of a community sport system by working with national governing bodies of sport, and other funded partners, to grow the number of people doing sport; sustain participation levels; and help more talented people from all backgrounds excel by identifying them early, nurturing them, and helping them move up to the elite level. --EOI-- Sport England also helps more talented people do well by identifying them early, nurturing them, and helping them move up to the elite level. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pole vaulting is a track and field event in which a person uses a long, flexible pole (which today is usually made either of fiberglass or carbon fiber) as an aid to leap over a bar. --EOI-- Pole vault is a track and field event in which a person uses a long, flexible pole (which today is usually made either of fiberglass or carbon fiber) as an aid to leap over a bar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Infection generally occurs through wound contamination and often involves a cut or deep puncture wound. --EOI-- Infection generally occurs through wound contamination, and often involves a cut or deep puncture wound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The primary symptoms are caused by tetanospasmin, a neurotoxin produced by the Gram-positive, obligate anaerobic bacterium Clostridium tetani. --EOI-- The primary symptoms are caused by tetanospasmin, a neurotoxin produced by the anaerobic bacterium Clostridium tetani. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As the infection progresses, muscle spasms develop in the jaw (thus the name "lockjaw ") and elsewhere in the body. --EOI-- As the infection goes on, muscle spasms develop in the jaw. This led to the common name of the condition, lockjaw. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tantalite (Fe, Mn) Ta2O6 is the most important mineral for tantalum extraction. Tantalite has the same mineral structure as columbite (Fe, Mn) (Ta, Nb) 2O6; when there is more Ta than Nb it is called tantalite and when there is more Nb than Ta is it called columbite (or niobite). --EOI-- It is found in the mineral tantalite. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Compounds detected spectroscopically on the surface include water ice, carbon dioxide, silicates, and organic compounds. --EOI-- Compounds on the surface include water ice, carbon dioxide, silicates, and organics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chromium oxide can be converted into elemental chromium metal through a thermite-like reaction: unlike iron oxide thermites, chromium oxide thermites creates few or no sparks, smoke or sound, but glow brightly. Because of the very high melting point of chromium, chromium thermite casting is impractical. --EOI-- It is made from chromium ore and is part of the process for making chromium metal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cerebral dopamine depletion is the hallmark of Parkinson's disease. --EOI-- If the brain does not make enough dopamine, it causes an illness called Parkinson's disease. This can be treated by giving the Parkinson's disease patient a drug called L-Dopa, which the body converts to dopamine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the frontal lobes, dopamine controls the flow of information from other areas of the brain. Dopamine disorders in this region of the brain can cause a decline in neurocognitive functions, especially memory, attention, and problem-solving. --EOI-- Dopamine is an important chemical found in the brain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Unlike many nocturnal vertebrates, however, tarsiers lack a light-reflecting area (tapetum lucidum) of the eye and have a fovea. --EOI-- Unlike many nocturnal animals, tarsiers lack a light-reflecting area (tapetum lucidum) of the eye. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the presence of oxygen, facultative anaerobes use aerobic respiration; without oxygen some of them ferment, some use anaerobic respiration. --EOI-- In the presence of oxygen, facultative anaerobes use aerobic respiration; without oxygen some of them ferment, some use anaerobic respiration. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nearly all algae have photosynthetic machinery ultimately derived from the Cyanobacteria, and so produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis, unlike other photosynthetic bacteria such as purple and green sulfur bacteria. --EOI-- Nearly all algae have photosynthetic machinery ultimately derived from the cyanobacteria, and so produce oxygen as a by-product of photosynthesis, unlike other photosynthetic bacteria such as purple and green bacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- All true algae therefore have a nucleus enclosed within a membrane and plastids bound in one or more membranes. --EOI-- All true algae therefore have a nucleus enclosed within a membrane and chloroplasts bound in one or more membranes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Algae lack the various structures that characterize land plants, such as phyllids (leaves) and rhizoids in nonvascular plants, or leaves, roots, and other organs that are found in tracheophytes (vascular plants). --EOI-- Algae lack the various structures that characterize land plants, such as leaves, roots, and other organs that are found in plants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term "PokÃ mon ", in addition to referring to the PokÃ mon franchise itself, also collectively refers to the 646 fictional species that have made appearances in PokÃ mon media as of the release of the PokÃ mon role-playing game (RPG) for the Nintendo DS, PokÃ mon Black and White. Like the words deer and sheep, the word "PokÃ mon " is identical in both the singular and plural, as is each individual species name; in short, it is grammatically correct to say both "one PokÃ mon " and "many PokÃ mon " as well as "one Pikachu " and "many Pikachu ". --EOI-- His most famous PokÃ mon, and probably the most famous PokÃ mon, is Pikachu. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This species already possessed dicondylic mandibles (two articulations in the mandible), a feature associated with winged insects, suggesting that wings may already have evolved at this time. --EOI-- This species already possessed mandibles of a type associated with winged insects, suggesting that wings may already have evolved at this time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Insectivorous insects, or insects which feed on other insects, are beneficial to humans because they eat insects that could cause damage to agriculture and human structures. For example, aphids feed on crops and cause problems for farmers, but ladybugs feed on aphids, and can be used as a means to get significantly reduce pest aphid populations. --EOI-- Some good insects eat pest insects, such as lady beetles (or ladybirds or ladybugs) eating aphids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A lime kiln is a kiln used to produce quicklime by the calcination of limestone (calcium carbonate). --EOI-- A lime kiln is a kiln used to produce quicklime by the calcination of limestone (calcium carbonate). --separator-- --simplificataion-- An oil refinery or petroleum refinery is an industrial process plant where crude oil is processed and refined into more useful petroleum products, such as gasoline, diesel fuel, asphalt base, heating oil, kerosene, and liquefied petroleum gas. --EOI-- An oil refinery or petroleum refinery is an industrial process plant where crude oil is processed and refined into more useful petroleum products, such as gasoline, diesel fuel, asphalt base, heating oil, kerosene, and liquefied petroleum gas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also hadith literature prohibits beasts having sharp canine teeth, birds having claws and talons in their feet, Jallalah (animals whose meat carries a stink in it because they feed on filth), tamed donkeys, and any piece cut from a living animal. --EOI-- Also hadith literature prohibits beasts having sharp canine teeth, birds having claws and tentacles in their feet, Jallalah (animals whose meat carries a stink in it because they feed on filth), tamed donkeys, and any piece cut from a living animal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see Appendix F: Concentration Camps: EndlÃ sungâ "The Final Solution; Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people, see). --EOI-- (For further information on Alderney concentration camps, see Appendix F: Concentration Camps: EndlÃ sungâ "The Final Solution; Alderney, a Nazi concentration camp on an island Anglo-Norman; for further information on Nazi treatment of Jews and other people, see). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its members are known by various names, including thunbergias; clockvine on its own usually refers to Thunbergia grandiflora, while Thunbergia alata is often known as Black-eyed Susan vine or just Black-eyed Susan (not to be confused with other flowers called Black-eyed Susan). --EOI-- Its members are known by various names, including thunbergias; clockvine on its own usually refers to Thunbergia grandiflora, while Thunbergia alata is often known as Black-eyed Susan vine or just Black-eyed Susan (not to be confused with other flowers called Black-eyed Susan). --separator-- --simplificataion-- An adam's apple or laryngeal prominence is a protrusion in the front of the throat. --EOI-- An adam's apple is a protrusion in the front of the throat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sodium amide reacts violently with water to produce ammonia and sodium hydroxide and will burn in air to give oxides of sodium and nitrogen. --EOI-- It reacts with water to make ammonia and sodium hydroxide. It burns in air to make oxides of sodium and nitrogen, such as nitrogen dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Zinc phosphate (Zn3 (PO4) 2) is an inorganic chemical compound used as a corrosion resistant coating on metal surfaces either as part of an electroplating process or applied as a primer pigment (see also red lead). --EOI-- Zinc phosphate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is Zn3 (PO4) 2. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When ignited, preheated thermite can burn almost instantaneously, releasing light and heat energy at a much higher rate than normal and causing burns and eye damage at what would normally be a reasonably safe distance. --EOI-- If it is preheated then ignited, thermite can burn very fast, releasing a huge amount of heat and light. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The oxidizers can be boron (III) oxide, silicon (IV) oxide, chromium (III) oxide, manganese (IV) oxide, iron (III) oxide, iron (II, III) oxide, copper (II) oxide, and lead (II, III, IV) oxide and others. --EOI-- Some metal oxides that can be used are copper (II) oxide, chromium (III) oxide, iron (II, III) oxide, manganese (IV) oxide, silicon dioxide, boron trioxide, or lead (II, IV) oxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some "fuels " which can be used include aluminium, magnesium, calcium, titanium, zinc, silicon, and boron and others. --EOI-- Some metals that can be used are boron, magnesium, calcium, titanium, zinc, or silicon. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Garlic is a common example, a branch of wild rose and hawthorn plant are said to harm vampires, and in Europe, sprinkling mustard seeds on the roof of a house was said to keep them away. --EOI-- In stories, garlic is often used for keeping vampires away. A branch of wild rose and hawthorn plant are said to hurt vampires, and in Europe, putting mustard seeds on the roof of a house was said to keep them away. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The arterial system of the human body is divided into systemic arteries, carrying blood from the heart to the whole body, and pulmonary arteries, carrying blood from the heart to the lungs. --EOI-- An artery is a blood vessel that carries blood away from the heart to other parts of the body. Some arteries lead to your lungs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Arteries are blood vessels that carry blood away from the heart. --EOI-- Most of the time, arteries carry oxygen-rich blood within them. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group and is found in mammals, reptiles, birds, and other vertebrates. --EOI-- Testosterone is an androgen sex steroid hormone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Red-necked Wallabies are distinguished by their black nose and paws, white stripe on the upper lip, and grizzled medium gray coat with a reddish wash across the shoulders. --EOI-- Red-necked Wallabies have a black nose and paws, white stripe on the upper lip, and a medium gray coat with a red color on their neck. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Blood can leave the erectile tissue only through a drainage system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum. --EOI-- Blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The two corpora cavernosa lie along the penis shaft, from the pubic bones to the head of the penis, where they join. --EOI-- They are found along the penis shaft, from the pubic bones to the head of the penis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The corpus cavernosum penis is one of a pair of sponge-like regions of erectile tissue which contain most of the blood in the penis during penile erection. --EOI-- The corpus cavernosum penis (or corpus cavernosum urethrae) is one of two sponge-like sections of tissue in the male penis. They contain most of the blood during an erection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The expanding spongy tissue presses against a surrounding dense tissue (tunica albuginea) constricting these veins, preventing blood from leaving. --EOI-- The expanding tissue constricts these veins. This preventing blood from leaving. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One day in 1928, while walking through some woods collecting sap for maple syrup, Copeman noticed that slush and ice flaked off his rubber boots rather than adhering to them. --EOI-- One day in 1928, while walking through some woods getting sap for maple syrup, Copeman saw that slush and ice came off of his rubber boots instead of sticking to them. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ice cubes are also produced commercially and sold in bulk; these ice cubes, despite their name, are often cylindrical, and may have holes through the center. An interesting characteristic of commercially made ice cubes is that they are completely clear, lacking the clouding found in the center of domestically made ice cubes. --EOI-- Ice cubes are also made commercially and sold in big amounts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ice cubes are often preferred over crushed ice because they melt more slowly; they are standard in mixed drinks that call for ice, in which case the drink is said to be "on the rocks. " --EOI-- Ice cubes are used in mixed drinks, when the drink has the words "on the rocks. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ice cubes are also produced commercially and sold in bulk; these ice cubes, despite their name, are often cylindrical, and may have holes through the center. --EOI-- These ice cubes are usually cylindrical, and might have holes through the center. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many other insects, like the silverfish (Lepisma saccharina) or cockroach (various Blattodea), will consume these molds and also degraded paper or the starch-based binding pastesâ "warmth and moisture or high humidity are prerequisites, so damage is more common in the tropics. --EOI-- Many other insects, like the silverfish (Lepisma saccharina) or cockroach (various Blattodea), will consume these molds, including degraded paper or the starch-based binding pastesâ "warmth and moisture or high humidity are needed, so damage is more common in the tropics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A number of different types of birthmarks are known that include, but are not limited to, stork bites, Mongolian blue spots, strawberry marks, cafÃ au lait spots, congenital melanocytic nevi, and port-wine stains. --EOI-- Some of the types of birthmarks are: stork bites, Mongolian blue spots, strawberry marks, cafÃ au lait spots, congenital melanocytic nevi, and port-wine stains. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These flowers are variously colored, pink to reddish or light purple with white, contrasting markings, or white to cream or orange to red. --EOI-- These flowers are variously colored, pink to reddish or light purple with white, contrasting markings, or white to cream or orange to red. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The spectacular giant flower spikes in commerce are the products of centuries of hybridisation, selection, and perhaps more drastic manipulation. --EOI-- The species vary from very small to the spectacular giant flower spikes in commerce. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The color and rich taste of the milk can be attributed to the high oil content and sugars. --EOI-- The color and rich taste of the milk can be attributed to the high oil content and sugars. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On 31 December Marcia poisoned his food but he vomited up the poison; so the conspirators sent his wrestling partner Narcissus to strangle him in his bath. --EOI-- On 31 December Marcia poisoned his food but he vomited up the poison; so the conspirators sent his wrestling partner, Narcissus, to strangle him in his bath. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Adverse effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis, renal toxicity, and seizures. --EOI-- Side-effects include acute psychosis, problems with the kidneys Adverse effects have been reported following its use including acute psychosis and seizures. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The strongest storm of the season was Hurricane Ioke, which reached Category 5 status on the Saffir-Simpson scale in the central Pacific Ocean; Ioke passed near Johnston Atoll and later Wake Island, where it caused heavy damage but no deaths. --EOI-- It also caused heavy rain in Alaska. Ioke is the most intense storm ever in the central Pacific and the only Category 5 storm that formed in the basin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Storm Barbara in June caused$ 55 million (2007 USD) in crop damage in southeastern Mexico from heavy precipitation. --EOI-- Tropical Storm Barbara in June caused$ 55 million (2007 USD) in crop damage in southeastern Mexico from heavy precipitation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A modest hemp fabric industry exists, and hemp fibers can be used in clothing. Pure hemp has a texture similar to linen. --EOI-- From there the use of hemp spread. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chondrichthyes (; from GreekÏÎÎ 1\/2ÎÏ- chondr-` cartilage',á 1\/4ÏÎÏÏ ichthys` fish') or cartilaginous fishes are jawed fish with paired fins, paired nares, scales, two-chambered hearts, and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone. --EOI-- Chondrichthyes or cartilaginous fishes are jawed fish with paired fins, paires nostrils, scales, two-chambered hearts, and skeletons made of cartilage rather than bone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eyes may vary in their acuity, the range of wavelengths they can detect, their sensitivity in low light levels, their ability to detect motion or resolve objects, and whether they can discriminate colors. --EOI-- Eyes may vary in their acuity, the range of wavelengths they can detect, their sensitivity in low light levels, their ability to detect motion or resolve objects, and whether they can discriminate colors. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Complex eyes appear to have first evolved within a few million years, in the rapid burst of evolution known as the Cambrian explosion. --EOI-- Complex eyes appear to have first evolved within a few million years, in the rapid burst of evolution known as the Cambrian explosion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Together with the leading flagellum, the eyespot allows the organism to move in response to light, often toward the light to assist in photosynthesis, and to predict day and night, the primary function of circadian rhythms. --EOI-- Together with the leading flagellum, the eyespot allows the organism to move in response to light to assist in photosynthesis, and to predict day and night, the primary function of circadian rhythms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At a cellular level, there appear to be two main "designs " of eyes, one possessed by the protostomes (molluscs, annelid worms and arthropods), the other by the deuterostomes (chordates and echinoderms). --EOI-- At a cellular level, there appear to be two main "designs " of eyes, one possessed by the protostomes (molluscs, annelid worms and arthropods), the other by the deuterostomes (chordates and echinoderms). --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a small splotch of red pigment which shades a collection of light sensitive crystals. --EOI-- Its red pigment shades a collection of light sensitive crystals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Simple modelling, invoking small mutations exposed to natural selection, demonstrates that a primitive optical sense organ based upon efficient photopigments could evolve into a complex human-like eye in approximately 400,000 years. --EOI-- Simple modelling, supposing small mutations exposed to natural selection, shows that a primitive optical sense organ based upon efficient photopigments could evolve into a complex human-like eye in about 400,000 years. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The euglena's eyespot, called a stigma, is located at its anterior end. --EOI-- The Euglenas eyespot, called a stigma, is at the front. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The human ear can recognize single sine waves as sounding clear because sine waves are representations of a single frequency with no harmonics; some sounds that approximate a pure sine wave are whistling, a crystal glass set to vibrate by running a wet finger around its rim, and the sound made by a tuning fork. --EOI-- Sine waves have a "length " called a wavelength. There are other properties of waves and sine waves, such as their frequency, amplitude, phase, and speed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- DÃ 1\/4 rer also appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities, and he sent back to Nuremberg various animal horns, a piece of coral, some large fish fins, and a wooden weapon from the East Indies. --EOI-- DÃ 1\/4 rer appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities, and he sent back to Nuremberg various animal horns, a piece of coral, some large fish fins, and a wooden weapon from the East Indies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It had clearly emerged by the middle of the 9th century BCE, when the Assyrian king Shalmaneser III names "Ahab the Israelite " among his enemies at the battle of Qarqar (853), and the Mesha stele (c. 830) left by a king of Moab celebrates his success in throwing off the oppression of the "House of Omri " (i.e. Israel) and the Tel Dan stele tells of the death of a king of Israel, probably Jehoram, at the hands of an Aramaen king (c. 841). --EOI-- About a hundred years later, in the 9th century BCE, the Assyrian king Shalmaneser III names Ahab of Israel among his enemies at the battle of Qarqar (853 BCE), while in the Mesha stele (c. 830 BCE) a king of Moab celebrates his success in throwing off the oppression of the "House of Omri " (i.e. Israel). Similarly, the Tel Dan stele tells of the death of a king of Israel, probably Jehoram, at the hands of an Aramaen king about 841 BCE. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An oral law is a code of conduct in use in a given culture, religion or community application, by which a body of rules of human behavior is transmitted by oral tradition and effectively respected, or the single rule that is orally transmitted. --EOI-- An oral law are rules of human behavior in use in a given culture, religion or other groupe, which is transmitted by oral tradition and respected, or a single rule that is orally transmitted. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Arctic is home to millions of seals, which become prey when they surface in holes in the ice in order to breathe, or when they haul out on the ice to rest. Polar bears hunt primarily at the interface between ice, water, and air; they only rarely catch seals on land or in open water. --EOI-- When Polar bears hunt, they often wait at holes in the ice, where the seals come up to breathe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2003, Nintendo rereleased Majora's Mask on the Nintendo GameCube as part of The Legend of Zelda: Collector's Edition, a special promotional disc which also contained Ocarina of Time, The Legend of Zelda, Zelda II: The Adventure of Link and a 20-minute demo version of The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker. This disc could be purchased with a GameCube console as part of a subscription offer to Nintendo Power magazine, or through Nintendo's official website by purchasing and registering a certain number of Nintendo-published games. --EOI-- The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask is an action-adventure video game made by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64 game console. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is said to have become the official dog of the House of Orange in 1572 after a pug named Pompey saved the life of the Prince of Orange by alerting him to the approach of assassins. --EOI-- Later, in 1572, a pug named Pompey saved the Prince of Orange by warning him when the Spaniards came. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hip dysplasia is a major problem for the breed, with 63.8% of pugs being affected according to a survey performed by the Orthopedic Foundation for Animals, and they were ranked second worst affected by the condition out of 157 breeds tested. --EOI-- Hip dysplasia is another major problem for pugs. About 63.8% of pugs were caught with hip dysplasia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pugs can suffer from necrotizing meningoencephalitis (NME), also known as pug dog encephalitis (PDE), an inflammation of the brain and meninges, that also occurs in other small-breed dogs, such as the Maltese and Chihuahua. --EOI-- NME is an inflammation of the brain and meninges. It is also known as pug dog encephalitis (PDE). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The feet are neither so long as the foot of the hare, nor so round as that of the cat; well split-up toes, and the nails black. --EOI-- Their feet are not as large as a hare's foot, but they are not as round as that of a cat, either. They have toes that are split up perfectly, and their nails are all black. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Massaging the dog's throat or covering its nose in order to make it breathe through its mouth can often shorten episodes. --EOI-- It can be helped by massaging the dog's throat or covering its nose to make it breathe instead with its mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the sides of the nasal cavity are three horizontal outgrowths called nasal conchae (singular "concha ") or turbinates. --EOI-- On the sides of the nasal cavity are three horizontal outgrowths called turbinates. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Diseases of the nasal cavity include viral, bacterial and fungal infections, nasal cavity tumors, both benign and much more often malign, as well as inflammations of the nasal mucosa. --EOI-- Diseases of the nasal cavity include viral infections and nasal cavity cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nasal cavity is divided in two by a vertical fin called the nasal septum. --EOI-- The nasal cavity is divided in two by a vertical fin called the nasal septum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx, where it can be swallowed. --EOI-- The cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx, where it can be swallowed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The vomeronasal organ is located at the back of the septum and has a role in pheromone detection. --EOI-- The vomeronasal organ is found at the back of the septum and has a role in finding pheromones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the viviparous animals (which include humans and all other placental mammals), the ovum is fertilized inside the female body, and the embryo then develops inside the uterus, receiving nutrition directly from the mother. --EOI-- The ovum is fertilized inside the female body, and the embryo then develops inside the uterus, being fed by the mothers placenta. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cold deserts can be covered in snow or ice; frozen water unavailable to plant life. --EOI-- Cold deserts are covered with snow or ice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Skippers also have generally stockier bodies and larger compound eyes than the other two groups, with stronger wing muscles in the plump thorax, in this resembling many "moths " more than the other two butterfly lineages do. --EOI-- Skippers also have generally stockier bodies than the other two groups, with stronger wing muscles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Frenula on the human body include several in the mouth, some in the digestive tract, and some connected to the external genitalia. --EOI-- There are several frenula in the body, including several in the mouth, some in the digestive tract, and some connected to the external genitalia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like other gliding mammals, the Feathertail Glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs, thicker than that of the other marsupials like the Sugar Glider, but smaller in proportion, extending only between the elbows and knees. --EOI-- Like other gliding mammals, the Feathertail Glider has a skin membrane between the fore and hind legs; thicker than that of the other marsupials like the Sugar Glider, but smaller in proportion, extending only between the elbows and knees. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Leptospirosis (also known as Weil's disease, Weil's syndrome, canicola fever, canefield fever, nanukayami fever, 7-day fever, Rat Catcher's Yellows, Fort Bragg fever, and Pretibial fever) is a bacterial zoonotic disease caused by spirochaetes of the genus Leptospira that affects humans and a wide range of animals, including mammals, birds, amphibians, and reptiles. --EOI-- Leptospirosis (also known as Weil's disease, canicola fever, canefield fever, nanukayami fever or seven day fever) is a bacterial disease. It is caused by spirochaetes of the genus Leptospira. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Leptospira was first observed in 1907 from a post mortem renal tissue slice. --EOI-- The pathogen, Leptospira-genus bacteria was isolated in 1907 from a post mortem kidney slice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The infection is commonly transmitted to humans by allowing water that has been contaminated by animal urine to come in contact with unhealed breaks in the skin, the eyes, or with the mucous membranes. --EOI-- The infection is commonly transmitted to humans by allowing fresh water that has been contaminated by animal urine (often from rats) to come in contact with unhealed breaks in the skin, eyes or with the mucous membranes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The disease was first described by Adolf Weil in 1886 when he reported an "acute infectious disease with enlargement of spleen, jaundice and nephritis ". --EOI-- It was first described by Adolf Weil in 1886. At the time he reported an "acute infectious disease with enlargement of spleen, jaundice and nephritis ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- A pop icon of the "swinging London " era of the 1960s, she has won the Academy Award, Golden Globe, BAFTA, and Screen Actors Guild Awards. --EOI-- She has won the Academy, Golden Globe, BAFTA and Screen Actors Guild Award. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The type specimen was found in the summer of 1876 in Montana, only about 100 miles from the site of the Battle of the Little Bighorn that June. Although it was not an articulated skeleton, Cope recovered most of the animal (only the feet were entirely missing), including skull material and the base part of a long nasal horn. --EOI-- Monoclonius was named by Edward Drinker Cope in 1876, soon after the first fossil specimen (a near complete skeleton including skull material and the pbase of the nasal horn, with only the feet missing) had been founded in Montana. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ordinary white powdered zinc oxide may be produced in the laboratory by electrolyzing a solution of sodium bicarbonate with a zinc anode. Zinc hydroxide and hydrogen gas are produced. --EOI-- Zinc oxide can be made by heating powdered zinc metal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A study of the bones and joints of the arm, shoulder, and lower limbs also concluded that H. floresiensis was more similar to early humans and apes than modern humans. --EOI-- A study of the bones and joints of the arm, shoulder, and legs also concluded that H. floresiensis was more similar to early humans and apes than modern humans. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A 2003 study found that regular use of chopsticks by the elderly may slightly increase the risk of osteoarthritis in the hand, a condition in which cartilage is worn out, leading to pain and swelling in the hand joints. --EOI-- It found that people who use chopsticks regularly have a slightly higher risk of getting arthritis in the hand. With this, cartilage gets worn off, which causes pain in the joints of the hand. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A gas chamber is an apparatus for killing humans or animals with gas, consisting of a sealed chamber into which a poisonous or asphyxiant gas is introduced. The most commonly used poisonous agent is hydrogen cyanide; carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide have also been used. --EOI-- The people or animals are put into the gas chamber, the door is sealed airtight from the outside, and a gas, such as carbon monoxide or hydrogen cyanide, is put into the chamber. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The thick wall of the BÃ 1\/4 chner flask provides it the strength to withstand the pressure difference while holding a vacuum inside. It is primarily used together with a BÃ 1\/4 chner funnel fitted through a drilled rubber bung or an elastomer adapter (a BÃ 1\/4 chner ring) at the neck on top of the flask for filtration of samples. --EOI-- A BÃ 1\/4 chner flask can be used with a BÃ 1\/4 chner funnel for separating solids and liquids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is primarily used together with a BÃ 1\/4 chner funnel fitted through a drilled rubber bung or an elastomer adapter (a BÃ 1\/4 chner ring) at the neck on top of the flask for filtration of samples. The BÃ 1\/4 chner funnel holds the sample isolated from the suction by a layer of filter paper. --EOI-- It has a hole in the top where a BÃ 1\/4 chner funnel can be put and a small tube in the side where a vacuum can be attached. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He said his riding was never the same after the injuries. He frequently adjusted his saddle while riding- including coming down the col de la Faucille on the way to Divonne-les-Bains- and was often in pain, especially while climbing. --EOI-- Afterwards he said his riding was never the same, because he always be in pain, especially while climbing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Following the battle of Crete in the summer of 1941, the Royal Navy regained its ascendancy in the central Mediterranean in a series of successful convoy attacks, (Duisburg convoy, Cap Bon) until the events surrounding the First Battle of Sirte and the Raid on Alexandria in December swung the balance of power in the Axis favor. --EOI-- Following the battle of Crete in the summer of 1941, the Royal Navy got the better of things in the central Mediterranean in a series of successful convoy attacks, (such as the Duisburg convoy and the Battle of Cape Bon) until the events around the First Battle of Sirte and the Raid on Alexandria in December swung the balance of power in the Axis favor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the human heart, the pulmonary trunk (pulmonary artery or main pulmonary artery) begins at the base of the right ventricle. --EOI-- The pulmonary artery is a blood vessel that connects the heart to the lungs. The pulmonary artery carries blood that does not have much oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since the 15th century, the term nap generally refers to a special pile given to the cloth. --EOI-- In the 15th century, the term nap refers to a pile given to the cloth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Carpets, rugs, velvet, velor, and velveteen, are made by interlacing a secondary yarn through woven cloth, creating a nap or pile. --EOI-- Carpets, rugs, velvet, velor, and velveteen, are made by weaving a a second yarn through woven cloth, making a nap or pile. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term pile refers to raised fibers that are there on purpose, rather than as a by product of producing the cloth. --EOI-- The word pile means the raised fibers that are there on purpose. They were put there, instead of vy producing the cloth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It can be formed by direct reaction of the elements, either by burning lithium metal in pure nitrogen gas or by reacting nitrogen gas with lithium dissolved in liquid sodium metal. --EOI-- It can also be made by reacting nitrogen with lithium dissolved in sodium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He noticed that the dogs tended to salivate before food was actually delivered to their mouths, and set out to investigate this "psychic secretion ", as he called it. --EOI-- He noticed that the dogs tended to salivate before food was actually delivered to their mouths, and set out to investigate this "psychic secretion ", as he called it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the 1890s, Pavlov was investigating the gastric function of dogs by externalizing a salivary gland so he could collect, measure, and analyze the saliva and what response it had to food under different conditions. --EOI-- In the 1890s, Pavlov was investigating the gastric function of dogs by externalizing a salivary gland so he could collect, measure, and analyze the saliva and what response it had to food under different conditions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These insects characteristically have large rounded heads covered mostly by well-developed, compound eyes, legs that facilitate catching prey (other insects) in flight, two pairs of long, transparent wings that move independently, and elongated abdomens. --EOI-- These insects characteristically have large rounded heads covered mostly by big compound eyes, legs that catch prey (other insects) in flight, two pairs of long, transparent wings that move independently, and long abdomens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When mammary intercourse continues to the point of ejaculation, the semen can land on the breasts, face, or in the mouth of the woman. --EOI-- When mammary intercourse continues to the point of ejaculation, the semen can land on the breasts, face, or in the mouth of the woman. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Commonly, this sex act involves the man placing his penis in the woman's cleavage and thrusting between her breasts, while the breasts are squeezed around the penis for additional stimulation. --EOI-- Commonly, this sex act involves the man placing his penis between the woman's breasts and thrusting, while the breasts are squeezed around the penis for additional stimulation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ostrom noted the small body, sleek, horizontal, posture, ratite-like spine, andâ " especiallyâ " the enlarged raptorial claws on the feet, which suggested an active, agile predator. --EOI-- Ostrom noted the small body, sleek, horizontal, posture, andâ " especiallyâ " the enlarged claws on the feet, which suggested an active, agile predator. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As in other dromaeosaurids, the tail vertebrae have a series of ossified tendons and super-elongated bone processes. --EOI-- As in other dromaeosaurids, the tail vertebrae have a series of ossified (bony) tendons and super-long bone processes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Golgi, together with Santiago RamÃ n y Cajal, received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1906 for his studies of the structure of the nervous system. --EOI-- He won the 1906 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Santiago RamÃ n y Cajal, for their work on the parts of the nervous system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nervous system consists of a ventral nerve cord, with one ganglion in each segment, and an anterior nerve ring surrounding the pharynx. --EOI-- It consists of a ventral nerve cord, with one ganglion in each segment, and an anterior nerve ring surrounding the pharynx. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The skeletal remains of amniotes can be identified from their Labyrinthodont ancestors by their having at least two pairs of sacral ribs, a sternum in the pectoral girdle (some amniotes have lost it) and an astragalus bone in the ankle. --EOI-- The skeletal remains of amniotes can be identified from their Labyrinthodont ancestors by their having at least two pairs of sacral ribs, a sternum in the pectoral girdle (some amniotes have lost it) and an astragalus bone in the ankle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Real growth was not possible, however, until they stopped relying on small invertebrates as their main food source and started to eat plants or other vertebrates, or returned to the water. --EOI-- Real growth was not possible, however, until they stopped relying on small invertebrates as their main food source and started to eat plants or other vertebrates, or returned to the water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Returning from the fifth season are the survivors' leader Dr. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox); former fugitive Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly); millionaire Hugo "Hurley " Reyes (Jorge Garcia); former torturer Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews); con artist James "Sawyer " Ford (Josh Holloway); medium Miles Straume (Ken Leung); former mob-enforcer Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim) and his privileged wife Sun Kwon (Yunjin Kim); leader of the island's native population, known as the "Others, " Ben Linus (Michael Emerson); deceased crash survivor John Locke, who lives on in the sideways timeline but has been possessed in the original timeline by the mysterious Man In Black (Terry O'Quinn); and former islander Desmond Hume (Henry Ian Cusick), who starts the season off the island. --EOI-- Returning from the fifth season are the survivors' leader Dr. Jack Shephard (Matthew Fox); former fugitive Kate Austen (Evangeline Lilly); millionaire Hugo "Hurley " Reyes (Jorge Garcia); former torturer Sayid Jarrah (Naveen Andrews); con artist James "Sawyer " Ford (Josh Holloway); medium Miles Straume (Ken Leung); former mob-enforcer Jin-Soo Kwon (Daniel Dae Kim) and his privileged wife Sun Kwon (Yunjin Kim); leader of the island's native population (known as the "Others ") Ben Linus (Michael Emerson); and deceased crash survivor John Locke, who lives on in the sideways timeline but has been possessed in the original timeline by the mysterious Man In Black. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Condoms are usually supplied with a lubricant coating to facilitate penetration, while flavored condoms are principally used for oral sex. As mentioned above, most condoms are made of latex, but polyurethane and lambskin condoms are also widely available. --EOI-- Such condoms can still be found sometimes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He found that while nursing her dying father she had developed a number of transitory symptoms, including visual disorders and paralysis and contractures of limbs, which he also diagnosed as hysterical. --EOI-- He found that while nursing her dying father she had developed a number of transitory symptoms, including visual disorders and paralysis and contractures of limbs, which he also diagnosed as hysterical. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He further argued that, as humans develop, they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of developmentâ " first in the oral stage (exemplified by an infant's pleasure in nursing), then in the anal stage (exemplified by a toddler's pleasure in evacuating his or her bowels), then in the phallic stage. --EOI-- He further argued that, as humans develop, they become fixated on different and specific objects through their stages of development-- first in the oral stage (exemplified by an infant's pleasure in nursing), then in the anal stage (exemplified by a toddler's pleasure in evacuating his or her bowels), then in the phallic stage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Adaptive immunity is triggered in vertebrates when a pathogen evades the innate immune system and generates a threshold level of antigen. --EOI-- Adaptive immunity is triggered in vertebrates when a pathogen evades the innate immune system and generates a threshold level of antigen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Radiological examination of his bones showed "age-conditioned or strain-induced degeneration " in these areas, including osteochondrosis and slight spondylosis in the lumbar spine and wear-and-tear degeneration in the knee and especially the ankle joints. --EOI-- X-ray examination of his bones showed "age-conditioned or strain-induced degeneration " in these areas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ã-- tzi had several carbon tattoos including groups of short, parallel, vertical lines to both sides of the lumbar spine, a cruciform mark behind the right knee, and various marks around both ankles. --EOI-- The tattoos were carbon (soot). There were groups of short, parallel, vertical lines to both sides of the lumbar spine, a cross-shaped mark behind the right knee, and various marks around both ankles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2001 X-rays and a CT scan revealed thatÃ-- tzi had an arrowhead lodged in his left shoulder when he died, and a matching small tear on his coat. --EOI-- In 2001 X-rays and a CT scan revealed thatÃ-- tzi had an arrowhead lodged in his left shoulder when he died, and a matching small tear on his coat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A tornado is not necessarily visible; however, the intense low pressure causing the high wind speeds (as described by Bernoulli's principle) and rapid rotation (due to cyclostrophic balance) usually causes water vapor in the air to become visible as a funnel cloud or condensation funnel. --EOI-- A tornado is not necessarily visible; however, the extremely low pressure caused by the high wind speeds and rapid rotation usually causes water vapor in the air to condense into a visible condensation funnel. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The yellow fever mosquito, Aedes aegypti (= Stegomyia aegypti,= Aedes (Stegomyia) aegypti), is a mosquito that can spread the dengue fever, Chikungunya and yellow fever viruses, and other diseases. --EOI-- Aedes aegypti is a mosquito that can spread the dengue fever, Chikungunya and yellow fever viruses, and other diseases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At standard temperature and pressures beryllium resists oxidation when exposed to air (its ability to scratch glass is due to the formation of a thin layer of the hard oxide BeO). --EOI-- At standard temperature and pressures beryllium resists oxidation when exposed to oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Neither are all extremophiles unicellular; protostome animals found in similar environments include the Pompeii worm, the psychrophilic Grylloblattodea (insects), Antarctic krill (a crustacean), and the "water bear ". --EOI-- Nor are all extremophiles unicellular; protostome animals found in similar environments. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Caught prey can be felt by owls with the use of filoplumesâ " small hair-like feathers on the beak and feet that act as "feelers ". --EOI-- Owls use small feathers on the beak and the feet that help it feel the prey it catches. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP, also polypeptide) is a peptide hormone containing 28 amino acid residues and is produced in many areas of the human body including the gut, pancreas and suprachiasmatic nuclei of the hypothalamus in the brain. --EOI-- Vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP, also polypeptide) is a kind of hormone that has 28 amino acid residues in it and is made in many areas of the human body including the gut, pancreas, and suprachiasmatic nuclei (which is a small part of the brain's midline) of the hypothalamus in the brain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The process of dissolving carbon dioxide in water is called carbonation. --EOI-- The process of dissolving carbon dioxide gas is called carbonation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Carbonated water (also known as club soda, soda water, sparkling water, seltzer, or fizzy water) is water into which carbon dioxide gas under pressure has been dissolved, a process that causes the water to become effervescent. --EOI-- Carbonated water, also known as sparkling water, fizzy water, seltzer, and water with gas, is plain water into which carbon dioxide gas has been dissolved. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Carbonated water is the defining ingredient of carbonated soft drinks. The process of dissolving carbon dioxide in water is called carbonation. --EOI-- The process of carbonation can also occur naturally to produce carbonated mineral water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Anal fingering can arouse the receiver, allowing them to relax their anus and prepare them for the insertion of a penis or any other sexual instrument. --EOI-- Anal fingering can arouse a person, allowing them to relax their anus and prepare them for the insertion of a penis or a dildo. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fingering is the manual manipulation of the clitoris, vulva, vagina, or anus for the purpose of sexual arousal and stimulation. --EOI-- Fingering is the act of touching of the clitoris, vagina, vulva or anus for the purpose of sexual arousal and stimulation with the fingers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Birds can act as vectors for spreading diseases such as psittacosis, salmonellosis, campylobacteriosis, mycobacteriosis (avian tuberculosis), avian influenza (bird flu), giardiasis, and cryptosporidiosis over long distances. --EOI-- People can catch some bird diseases, for example psittacosis, salmonellosis, campylobacteriosis, Newcastle's disease, mycobacteriosis, influenza, giardiasis, and cryptosporiadiosis. In 2005, there is an epidemic of bird influenza spreading through some parts of the world, often called avian flu. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Foster's most recent book, The Ecological Revolution: Making Peace with the Planet, is a collection focusing on the ecological crisis, and includes essays on global warming, peak oil, species extinction, world water shortages, global hunger, alternative energy sources, sustainable development, and environmental justice. --EOI-- Foster's most recent book, The Ecological Revolution: Making Peace with the Planet, examines the ecological crisis, and includes essays on global warming, peak oil, species extinction, world water shortages, global hunger, alternative energy sources, sustainable development, and environmental justice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Her solo debut album, LeToya (2006), topped the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart in July 2006 and was certified platinum by the RIAA in December 2006. The single, "Torn ", achieved records on BET's top ten countdown show 106& Park. --EOI-- Her solo debut album, LeToya, topped the U.S. Billboard 200 albums chart in July 2006 and was certified platinum by the RIAA in December 2006, the album spawned five singles, two were released with promotional purpose, to see the audience reaction towards her, but "Torn " would be her most notable song, it achieved records on BET's top ten countdown show 106& Park. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Typically, Black Forest gateau consists of several layers of chocolate cake, with whipped cream and cherries between each layer. Then the cake is decorated with additional whipped cream, maraschino cherries, and chocolate shavings. --EOI-- The Black Forest Cake, also called the SchwarzwÃ lder Kirschtorte, is an authentic German cake is made up of a chocolate layer cake with cherries in the middle and whipped cream on top. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Late on July 18, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) remarked that a tropical depression was developing, with its convection becoming more concentrated around a circulation; at 11 p.m. EST on July 18 (0300 UTC July 19), it was classified as Tropical Depression Three, about 65 miles (105 km) southeast of Charleston, South Carolina. --EOI-- Late on July 18, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) said that a tropical depression was forming. At 11 p.m. EST on July 18 (0300 UTC July 19), it was classified as Tropical Depression Three, about 65 miles (105 km) to the southeast of Charleston, South Carolina. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term prostatitis refers, in its strictest sense, to histological (microscopic) inflammation of the tissue of the prostate gland. --EOI-- The term prostatitis refers in its strictest sense to histological (microscopic) inflammation of the tissue of the prostate gland, although historically the term has loosely been used as a rubric to describe a set of quite different conditions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The hole had formed when a piece of insulating foam from the external fuel tank peeled off during the launch 16 days earlier and struck the shuttle's wing. --EOI-- A piece of insulating foam from the external fuel tank peeled off during the launch 16 days earlier and struck the shuttle's left wing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Candidiasis is a very common cause of vaginal irritation, or vaginitis, and can also occur on the male genitals. --EOI-- Candidiasis is a very common cause of vaginal irritation, or vaginitis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Candidiasis or thrush is a fungal infection (mycosis) of any of the Candida species (all yeasts), of which Candida albicans is the most common. --EOI-- Candida albicans is the most common species. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Near drowning is the survival of a drowning event involving unconsciousness or water inhalation and can lead to serious secondary complications, including death, after the event. --EOI-- Near drowning is the survival of drowning where the person passes out or breathes in water, and can cause serious problems, including death, after the event. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During World War II the company was called on by the U.S. Government to make artillery shells, aluminum kegs for food transport and other rubberized military products. --EOI-- During World War II the company make artillery shells, aluminum kegs for food transport and other rubberized military products. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ileum (ËÉ lÉÉ m) is the final section of the small intestine in most higher vertebrates, including mammals, reptiles, and birds. In fish, the divisions of the small intestine are not as clear and the terms posterior intestine or distal intestine may be used instead of ileum. --EOI-- The ileum is the last section of the small intestine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The illness can cause severe pneumonia and infections of the urinary tract, bloodstream and other parts of the body. --EOI-- The illness can cause severe pneumonia and infections of the urinary tract, bloodstream and other parts of the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a result of its resistance to drug treatment, some estimates state the disease is killing tens of thousands of U.S. hospital patients each year, and specialists say "they could emerge as a bigger threat. " --EOI-- As a result of its resistance to drug treatment, some estimates state the disease is killing tens of thousands of U.S. hospital patients each year and specialists say they could emerge as a bigger threat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Acinetobacter baumannii is a species of pathogenic bacteria, referred to as an aerobic gram-negative bacterium, that is resistant to most antibiotics. --EOI-- Acinetobacter baumannii is a species of pathogenic bacteria, referred to as an aerobic gram-negative bacterium, which is resistant to most antibiotics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The type of diabetes a patient has is determined only by the causeâ " fundamentally by whether the patient is insulin resistant (type 2) or insulin deficient without insulin resistance (type 1). --EOI-- Diabetes mellitus type 1, also called type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disease. People with this condition are insulin dependent-they require insulin injections without which they may die. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In August 2007, Burke was diagnosed with Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome, a rare condition that causes the heart to beat faster than normal. --EOI-- He is has a rare heart condition called Wolff-Parkinson-White syndrome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Alvin Burke, Jr. (born October 28, 1973) is an American professional wrestler currently signed to New Japan Pro Wrestling. He is best known for his time in World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP). --EOI-- Alvin Burke, Jr. (born October 28, 1973), better known by his ring name Montel Vontavious Porter or MVP, is an American professional wrestler currently signed to New Japan Pro Wrestling. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A chiffon cake is a very light cake made with vegetable oil, eggs, sugar, flour, baking powder, and flavorings. --EOI-- A chiffon cake is a type of sponge cake. It is a cake that is made using vegetable oil instead of butter. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Raised intraocular pressure is a significant risk factor for developing glaucoma (above 21 m). One person may develop nerve damage at a relatively low pressure, while another person may have high eye pressure for years and yet never develop damage. --EOI-- Many times, if a person has high pressure in their eye, it will cause glaucoma. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aconitum (A-co-nÃ- tum), known as aconite, monkshood, wolfsbane, leopard's bane, women's bane, Devil's helmet or blue rocket, is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the buttercup family (Ranunculaceae). --EOI-- Aconitum, known as aconite, monkshood, wolfsbane, leopard's bane, women's bane, Devil's helmet or blue rocket, is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the buttercup family (Ranunculaceae). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Arnold had an Indian messenger sent into the camp of British Brigadier General Barry St. Leger with news that the approaching force was much larger and closer than it actually was; this convinced St. Leger's Indian support to abandon him, forcing him to give up the effort. --EOI-- Arnold had an Indian messenger sent into the camp of British Brigadier General Barry St. Leger with news that the approaching force was much larger and closer than it actually was; this convinced St. Leger's Indian support to abandon him, forcing him to give up the effort. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gout, which he had suffered since 1775, attacked his unwounded leg to the point where he was unable to go to sea; the other ached constantly, and he walked only with a cane. --EOI-- Gout, which he had suffered since 1775, attacked his unwounded leg to the point where he was unable to go to sea; the other ached constantly, and he walked only with a cane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eukaryotic aerobic respiration produces approximately 34 additional molecules of ATP for each glucose molecule, however most of these are produced by a vastly different mechanism to the substrate-level phosphorylation in glycolysis. --EOI-- Eukaryote aerobic respiration produces about 34 additional molecules of ATP for each glucose molecule. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By the 18th century two breeds had been developed for hunting hare and rabbit: the Southern Hound and the North Country Beagle (or Northern Hound). The Southern Hound, a tall, heavy dog with a square head, and long, soft ears, was common from south of the River Trent and probably closely related to the Talbot Hound. --EOI-- They are extinct now, but once they had made the Southern Hound more popular, which helped the Southern Hound descend to the Beagle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In George Jesse's Researches into the History of the British Dog from 1866, the early 17th century poet and writer Gervase Markham is quoted referring to the Beagle as small enough to sit on a man's hand and to the: Standards for the Pocket Beagle were drawn up as late as 1901; these genetic lines are now extinct, although modern breeders have attempted to recreate the variety. --EOI-- In George Jesse's Researches into the History of the British Dog from 1866, Gervase Markham is quoted referring to the Beagle as small enough to sit on a man's hand and to the: --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ventricular fibrillation (V-fib or VF) is a condition in which there is uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of the ventricles in the heart, making them quiver rather than contract properly. --EOI-- Ventricular fibrillation (often shortened to VF or V-Fib) is a cardiac arrhythmia in which there is an uncoordinated contraction of the cardiac muscle of the ventricles in the heart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Antiarrhythmic agents like amiodarone or lidocaine can help, but, unlike atrial fibrillation, ventricular fibrillation rarely reverses spontaneously in large adult mammals. --EOI-- Antiarrhythmic agents such as amiodarone or lidocaine can help, but, unlike atrial fibrillation, ventricular fibrillation rarely reverses spontaneously in large adult mammals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ventricular muscle twitches randomly, rather than contracting in a coordinated fashion (from the apex of the heart to the outflow of the ventricles), and so the ventricles fail to pump blood into the arteries and into systemic circulation. --EOI-- The ventricular muscle twitches randomly when it should contract in unison, and the ventricles can not pump blood into the arteries and into the systemic circulation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first ice pop was created by accident in 1905 when 11-year-old Frank Epperson left a mixture of powdered soda, water, and a stirring stick in a cup on his porch in cold weather. --EOI-- The Popsicle ice pop was accidentally invented in 1905 by 11-year-old Frank Epperson. Epperson left a mixture of powdered soda and water and a stirring stick in a cup on his porch. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Curds are a dairy product obtained by curdling (coagulating) milk with rennet or an edible acidic substance such as lemon juice or vinegar, and then draining off the liquid portion (called whey). --EOI-- Curds are a dairy product made by curdling milk with rennet or yeast so that it separates, and taking away the liquid part (called whey). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In England, curds produced from the use of rennet is referred to as junket, with true curds and whey only occurring from the natural separation of milk due to its environment (temperature, acidity). --EOI-- Curds are a dairy product made by curdling milk with rennet or yeast so that it separates, and taking away the liquid part (called whey). Milk that has been left to go sour will also naturally separate into curds and whey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Jell-O is a brand name belonging to U.S.-based Kraft Foods for a number of gelatin desserts, including fruit gels, puddings and no-bake cream pies. --EOI-- Jell-O is a brand name belonging to the United States. It is known for a number of gelatin desserts, such as fruit gels, puddings, and unbaked cream pies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The powder contains powdered gelatin and flavorings including sugar or artificial sweeteners. --EOI-- The powder has powdered gelatin, sugar, and artificial sweeteners. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sirenomelia, also called "mermaid syndrome ", is a rare congenital disorder in which a child is born with his or her legs fused together and reduced genitalia. --EOI-- Sirenomelia, also called "mermaid syndrome ", is a rare disorder. It happens when a child is born with his or her legs grown together and little or no genitalia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This condition is about as rare as conjoined twins, affecting one out of every 100,000 live births and is usually fatal within a day or two of birth because of kidney and bladder complications. --EOI-- This, however, is as rare as conjoined twins, and only happens to one out of every 100,000 live births. It is usually very bad for the kidney and bladder, and only about four survivors were known to be alive as of July 2003. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hydra has a pedal disc composed of gland cells that helps it attach to substrates, and like all cnidarians uses nematocysts, or "stinging cells, " to disable its prey. --EOI-- Like all cnidarians, Hydra uses nematocysts, stinging cells which disable its prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Serotonin's presence in insect venoms and plant spines serves to cause pain, which is a side effect of serotonin injection. --EOI-- Its presence in insect venoms and plant spines serves to cause pain, which is a side effect of serotonin injection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Biochemically derived from tryptophan, serotonin is primarily found in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract, platelets, and in the central nervous system (CNS) of animals including humans. --EOI-- It is derived from Tryptophan. Serotonin can mainly be found in the gastroinstestinal tract, platelets and central nervous system of certain animals including humans. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was critically injured when hit in the throat by the shot which fractured his larynx and resulted in a collapsed lung. --EOI-- He was critically injured when hit in the throat by the shot which fractured his larynx and resulted in a collapsed lung. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He met with the media two weeks following his injury, responding to questions via note pad, stating that he hoped to return to his career upon recovery. --EOI-- He met with the media two weeks following his injury, responding to questions via note pad, stating that he hoped to return to his career upon recovery. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Early the following season, he again suffered a severe injury to his right eye, suffering a severed tear duct when he was hit in the face by an errant skate. --EOI-- Early the following season, he again suffered a severe injury to his right eye, suffering a severed tear duct when he was hit in the face by an errant skate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He moved up to the Prince Edward Island Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL) in 1994â "95 but missed three months of the season after suffering retinal damage to his right eye when he was hit in the face by a stick. --EOI-- He moved up to the Prince Edward Island Senators of the American Hockey League (AHL) in 1994â "95 but missed three months of the season after suffering retinal damage to his right eye when he was hit in the face by a stick. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The upper side of the wings is pale yellow, usually with a black bar on the leading edge of the hind wing and a bright yellow patch near the base of the fore wing. --EOI-- The upper side of the wings is pale yellow. It usually has a black bar on the top edge of the hind wing (the bottom wing). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase normally converts the amino acid phenylalanine into the amino acid tyrosine. --EOI-- Normal people produce an enzyme called phenylalanine hydroxylase in their bodies. When they ingest phenylalanine, the body can not use it, so this enzyme changes phenylalanine into tyrosine, which the body can use. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bacterial filamentation is often observed as a result of bacteria responding to various stresses, including DNA damage or inhibition of replication. --EOI-- Bacterial filamentation is a defect in completing replication and is observed in bacteria responding to a various stresses. --separator-- --simplificataion-- DNA replication is a biological process that occurs in all living organisms and copies their DNA; it is the basis for biological inheritance. The process starts with one double-stranded DNA molecule and produces two identical copies of the molecule. --EOI-- DNA replication is the process of copying a double-stranded DNA molecule. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition to DNA polymerase, the enzyme that synthesizes the new DNA by adding nucleotides matched to the template strand, a number of other proteins are associated with the fork and assist in the initiation and continuation of DNA synthesis. --EOI-- In addition to DNA polymerase, other enzymes at the fork help to start and continue the DNA synthesis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ketosis is a state of the organism characterised by elevated levels of ketone bodies in the blood, by the process of ketogenesis. Ketone bodies are formed when the liver glycogen stores are depleted. --EOI-- Ketosis occurs when ketone bodies are released into the bloodstream due to low glycogen levels in the liver. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Various theories had been proposed to explain the ancestry of the "segnosaurids, " with some scientists even suggesting they were descendants of the sauropodomorphs- but new, well-preserved finds such as Alxasaurus in 1993 and Beipiaosaurus in 1996 provided details about the bird-like pelvis, feet and skulls of primitive members, and helped confirm that segnosaurids belonged to the same group of theropod dinosaurs as Therizinosaurus (and were therefore re-named therizinosaurids), and that therizinosaurs were, more specifically, advanced, herbivorous maniraptoran theropods. --EOI-- New, well-preserved finds such as Alxasaurus in 1993 and Beipiaosaurus in 1996 provided details about the bird-like pelvis, feet and skulls of primitive members. This helped confirm they belonged to the same group of theropod dinosaurs as Therizinosaurus and that therizinosaurs were, more specifically, advanced, herbivorous maniraptoran theropods. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Epigenetic chemical modification of the structural proteins in chromatin also alter the local chromatin structure, in particular chemical modifications of histone proteins by methylation and acetylation. --EOI-- The major components of chromatin are DNA and histone proteins, although other proteins also occur. The functions of chromatin are: --separator-- --simplificataion-- This includes a puppet show (to which th stage and puppets are booked, but not the puppeteers), a carrot cake (much to Grandpa Boris' displeasure, hoping it would be a chocolate cake), and a really elaborate invention from Tommy's dad, Stu (the Hoverama). --EOI-- This includes a puppet show (to which th stage and puppets are booked, but not the puppeteers), a carrot cake (much to Grandpa Boris' displeasure, hoping it will be a chocolate cake), and a really elaborate invention from Tommy's dad, Stu (the Hooverama). --separator-- --simplificataion-- It consists of poached chicken with a garnish of vol-au-vents filled with quenelles, cocks' kidneys, mushrooms and truffles in Albufera sauce. --EOI-- It consists of poached chicken with a garnish of vol-au-vents filled with quenelles, cocks' kidneys, mushrooms and truffles in Albufera sauce. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Phencyclidine (a complex clip of the chemical name 1- (1-phenylcyclohexyl) piperidine, commonly initialized as PCP), also known as angel dust and myriad other street names, is a recreational, dissociative drug formerly used as an anesthetic agent, exhibiting hallucinogenic and neurotoxic effects. --EOI-- Phencyclidine (a contraction of the chemical name phenylcyclohexylpiperidine), shortened as PCP, is a dissociative drug that gives the user hallucinogenic and neurotoxic effects. It is commonly known as Angel Dust. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Downtown is the administrative heart of the city where you find City Hall, Anaheim West Tower, Anaheim Police Headquarters, the Anaheim Chamber of Commerce and the Main Library. Anaheim Ice (formerly Disney Ice), the Downtown Anaheim Farmer's Market and the Center Street Promenade are also located in Downtown Anaheim. --EOI-- Anaheim is a city in the United States. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a separate genre, it appears to have no specific form, although most of the divertimenti of the second half of the 18th century go either back to a dance suite approach (derived from the` ballet' type of theatrical divertimento), or take the form of other chamber music genres of their century (as a continuation of the merely instrumental theatrical divertimento). There are many other terms which describe music similar to the divertimento, including serenade, cassation, notturno, Nachtmusik; after about 1780, the divertimento was the term most commonly applied to this light, "after-dinner " and often outdoor music. --EOI-- The divertimento became popular in the 18th century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A variety of zinc compounds are commonly used, such as zinc carbonate and zinc gluconate (as dietary supplements), zinc chloride (in deodorants), zinc pyrithione (anti-dandruff shampoos), zinc sulfide (in luminescent paints), and zinc methyl or zinc diethyl in the organic laboratory. --EOI-- Zinc is only found as zinc compounds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other applications are in batteries and alloys, such as brass. A variety of zinc compounds are commonly used, such as zinc carbonate and zinc gluconate (as dietary supplements), zinc chloride (in deodorants), zinc pyrithione (anti-dandruff shampoos), zinc sulfide (in luminescent paints), and zinc methyl or zinc diethyl in the organic laboratory. --EOI-- Zinc is used in alloys. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The zinc core is coated with a thin layer of copper to give the impression of a copper coin. --EOI-- Zinc is used in the US penny, where it only has a thin layer of copper. The core is zinc. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While plants are generally a good source of vitamin C, the amount in foods of plant origin depends on the precise variety of the plant, soil condition, climate where it grew, length of time since it was picked, storage conditions, and method of preparation. --EOI-- The amount of vitamin C in foods of plant origin depends on the kind of plant, the kind of soil where it grew, how much rain and sun it got, the length of time since it was picked, and how it was stored since then. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is also a cofactor in at least eight enzymatic reactions, including several collagen synthesis reactions that cause the most severe symptoms of scurvy when they are dysfunctional. --EOI-- It is also a cofactor in at least eight enzymatic reactions, including several collagen synthesis reactions that cause the most severe symptoms of scurvy when they are dysfunctional. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In living organisms, ascorbate is an antioxidant, since it protects the body against oxidative stress. --EOI-- In living organisms, ascorbate is an antioxidant, since it protects the body against oxidative stress. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This causes a huge megatsunami, but also causes the water to be sucked into the crack and the ocean is dragged back hundreds of feet. --EOI-- This causes a huge tsunami. The ocean is dragged back hundreds of feet. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The harder they struggle and the deeper they gasp for oxygen, the more sand fills their lungs, until finally, they ca n't breathe. --EOI-- The harder they struggle and the deeper they gasp for oxygen, the more sand fills their lungs, until finally, they ca n't breathe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They jump on its neck and slash with their retractable toe claws, killing their prey. --EOI-- They jump on its neck and slash with their retractable toe claws, killing their prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In Mongolia, the starving Charonosaurus stays close to the watering hole, but today the water is boiling. --EOI-- In Mongolia, the starving Charonosaurus stays close to the cave that has saved it twice in the past. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Energetics is the pseudo-scientific study of energy under transformation. Because energy flows at all scales, from the quantum level to the biosphere and cosmos, energetics is a very broad discipline, encompassing for example thermodynamics, chemistry, biological energetics, biochemistry and ecological energetics. --EOI-- Energetics is a wide field of study. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is for his more infamous productions that De Laurentiis's name has become knownâ " the legendary King Kong (1976) remake, which was a commercial hit, Lipstick, the killer whale film Orca (1977); The White Buffalo (1977); the disaster movie Hurricane (1979); the remake of Flash Gordon (1980); Halloween II (the 1981 sequel to John Carpenter's 1978 classic horror film); David Lynch's Dune (1984); and King Kong Lives (1986). --EOI-- It is for his more infamous productions that De Laurentiis's name has become known. The King Kong (1976) remake, which was a commercial hit, Lipstick, the killer whale film Orca (1977); The White Buffalo (1977); the disaster movie Hurricane (1979); the remake of Flash Gordon (1980); Halloween II (the 1981 sequel to John Carpenter's 1978 classic horror film); David Lynch's Dune (1984); and King Kong Lives (1986). --separator-- --simplificataion-- One Himalayan specialty is the momo, a dumpling stuffed with vegetables, cottage cheese or minced yak meat, beef or pork and flavored with Sichuan pepper, garlic, ginger and onion. --EOI-- One Himalayan specialty is the momo, a dumpling stuffed with vegetables, cottage cheese or minced yak meat, beef or pork and flavored with Sichuan pepper, garlic, ginger and onion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A beard is the collection of hair that grows on the chin, cheeks and neck, but not the upper lip, of human beings. --EOI-- The hair that grows on the upper lip of some men is a mustache. When a man has hair only below the lower lip and above the chin, it is called a soul patch. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, women with hirsutism may develop a beard. When differentiating between upper and lower facial hair, a beard specifically excludes the moustache, which refers to hair above the upper lip and around it. --EOI-- Some animals also have hair like this, and people sometimes also call this hair a beard. --separator-- --simplificataion-- People with kidney disease, hyperuricemia, or gout should not take aspirin because it inhibits the kidneys' ability to excrete uric acid, and thus may exacerbate these conditions. --EOI-- People with lung, kidney disease, gout, hyperuricemia (high amounts of uric acid), hemophilia, diabeties or high blood pressure should not take aspirin except on the advice of a qualified medical professional. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Inuit arts, carving, print making, textiles and throat singing, are very popular, not only in Canada but globally, and Inuit artists are widely known. Indeed, Canada has, metaphorically, adopted some of the Inuit culture as a sort of national identity, using Inuit symbols like the inukshuk in unlikely places, such as its use as a symbol at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. --EOI-- Inuit in Canada and Greenland like the name Inuit because it is a name they made. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other desired qualities in modern commercial apple breeding are a colourful skin, absence of russeting, ease of shipping, lengthy storage ability, high yields, disease resistance, typical` Red Delicious' apple shape, and popular flavor. --EOI-- Colorful skin, easy shipping, disease resistance,` Red Delicious' apple shape, and popular flavor are also needed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is possible to run FreeNAS from a Live CD, with the configuration files stored on an MS-DOS-formatted floppy disk or USB thumb drive. --EOI-- It is possible to run FreeNAS from a Live CD, with the configuration files stored on an MS-DOS-formatted floppy disk. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Introns are found in the genes of most organisms and many viruses, and can be located in a wide range of genes, including those that generate proteins, ribosomal RNA (rRNA), and transfer RNA (tRNA). --EOI-- Introns are found in the genes of most organisms and many viruses, and can be located in a wide range of genes, including those that generate proteins, ribosomal RNA (rRNA), and transfer RNA (tRNA). --separator-- --simplificataion-- When proteins are generated from intron-containing genes, RNA splicing takes place as part of the RNA processing pathway that follows transcription and precedes translation. --EOI-- RNA splicing takes place after transcription and before translation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The control of alternative RNA splicing is performed by complex network of signaling molecules that respond to a wide range of intracellular and extracellular signals. --EOI-- The control of alternative RNA splicing is performed by complex network of signalling molecules. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As the flames die out Chiron exclaims that his wound is healed, the flames had burned away his immortality and healed the wound. --EOI-- As the flames die out Chiron exclaims that his wound is healed, the flames had burned away his immortality and healed the wound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mud volcanoes are often associated with petroleum deposits and tectonic subduction zones and orogenic belts; hydrocarbon gases are often erupted. They are also often associated with lava volcanoes; in the case of such close proximity, mud volcanoes emit incombustible gases including helium, whereas lone mud volcanoes are more likely to emit methane. --EOI-- Most of the gases given off by mud volcanoes are methane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The brand began as a service creating Wikipedia articles for paying corporations; the founder and owner of MyWikiBiz, Gregory Kohs, was soon blocked from Wikipedia. --EOI-- It began as a service creating Wikipedia articles for paying corporations. The site was founded by Gregory Kohs, a market researcher. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example a mixture of potassium chlorate and sugar will burn when concentrated sulfuric acid is added due to chloric acid production. Because sulfur tends to contain acidic impurities, it will form highly unstable mixtures with potassium chlorate due to chloric acid being produced. --EOI-- Sulfur can make explosive mixtures with potassium chlorate because chloric acid can be made. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Asiatic cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus venaticus) has for a long time been theoretically classified as a sub-species of the cheetah with the suffix "venaticus " applied at the end of its scientific binomial name Acinonyx jubatus but at a Cheetah reintroduction workshop organized in India on 9 September 2009 Stephen J. O'Brien from Laboratory of Genomic Diversity of National Cancer Institute, USA who has in the past conducted numerous prestigious genetic studies including those on Asiatic lions said that according to latest modern genetic studies which became possible only now it was discovered that in fact Asiatic cheetah was genetically identical to the African Cheetah with which it had separated only about 5000 years ago which was not enough time for a sub-species level differentiation, in comparison he said that the Asian and African lion subspecies were separated some 100,000 years ago, so was the African and Asian leopard subspecies 169,000 years ago. Cheetah expert Laurie Marker of the Cheetah Conservation Fund (CCF) and other wildlife experts assembled for the occasion advised the Indian Government that for reintroduction purposes India should source the Cheetah from Africa where they were much more numerous instead of trying to have some removed from the critically endangered low population of about worlds last 70 to 100 or so Asiatic Cheetahs left in Iran. --EOI-- The Asiatic Cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus venaticus) is a subspecies of the cheetah. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, the rapidly falling water table meant a drop of the water's depth to 60'\/ 18m within a dozen years. --EOI-- However, the rapidly falling level of the water meant a drop of the water's depth to 60'\/ 18m within a dozen years. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sometimes bruises can be serious, leading to other more life-threatening forms of hematoma, such as when associated with serious injuries, including fractures and more severe internal bleeding. --EOI-- Sometimes bruises can be serious and lead to other more life threatening forms of hematoma, or can be associated with serious injuries as fractures and internal bleeding. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Typhus should not be confused with typhoid fever, as the diseases are unrelated. --EOI-- Typhus is unrelated to both typhoid fever and paratyphoid fever Typhus is the name for a number of diseases, caused by bacteria called Rickettsiae. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because demands placed on one liver enzyme can induce activity in another, many molecules become toxic only in combination with others. --EOI-- Some substances are also only toxic when they are with other chemicals, as one liver enzyme can cause activity in another enzyme. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To achieve the diversity of antibodies needed to protect against any type of antigen, the immune system would require millions of genes coding for different antibodies, if each antibody was encoded by one gene. --EOI-- If each antibody was coded by one gene, it would take millions of genes to protect against any type of antigen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When properly performed, strength training can provide significant functional benefits and improvement in overall health and well-being, including increased bone, muscle, tendon and ligament strength and toughness, improved joint function, reduced potential for injury, increased bone density, a temporary increase in metabolism, improved cardiac function, and elevated HDL (good) cholesterol. --EOI-- When properly performed, strength training can provide significant functional benefits and improvement in overall health and well-being, including increased bone, muscle, tendon and ligament strength, improved joint function, reduced potential for injury, increased bone density, a temporary increase in metabolism, improved cardiac function. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Strength training is the use of resistance to muscular contraction to build the strength, anaerobic endurance, and size of skeletal muscles. --EOI-- Strength training is the use of resistance to muscular contraction to build the physical strength and endurance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dirt and sweat from a person's neck and wrists would stick to the starch rather than to the fibers of the clothing, and would easily wash away along with the starch. --EOI-- There are also different kinds of starch, like laundry starch, which gives clothing a smooth and crisp feel. Sweat and dirt from a personâ s wrist and neck will stick to the starch on the clothes, not to the fibers of the clothes, and will wash away along with the starch. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is often a moist, sweet, cake-like quick bread; however, there are some banana bread recipes that are traditional-style yeast breads. --EOI-- It is different from most breads because it is a quick bread, using baking powder to rise. There are many different kinds of banana bread. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The average rainfall varies from 48 to 69 m.m per annum which is much below the required quantity but in the rainy season the water torrents flow from North to the river Jhelum with a very fast speed and cause damages to the crops, bridges, roads and are responsible for the soil erosion in the District. --EOI-- The average rainfall varies from 48 to 69 m.m per annum which is much below the required quantity but in the rainy season the water torrents flow from North to the river Jhelum with a very fast speed and cause damages to the crops, bridges, roads and are responsible for the soil erosion in the District. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Well-known members of Sapindales include citrus; maples, horse-chestnuts, lychees and rambutans; mangos and cashews; frankincense and myrrh; mahogany and neem. --EOI-- Well-known members of Sapindales include citrus; maples, horse-chestnuts, lychees and rambutans; mangos and cashews; frankincense and myrrh; and mahogany. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They also appear in biological settings, such as branching in trees, arrangement of leaves on a stem, the fruit spouts of a pineapple, the flowering of artichoke, an uncurling fern and the arrangement of a pine cone. --EOI-- Some examples of the Fibonacci sequence being used in nature are tree branches, the pattern of leaves on a stem, the fruitlets of a pineapple, the flowering of artichoke, the uncurling of a fern and the arrangement of a pine cone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fibonacci sequences appear in biological settings, in two consecutive Fibonacci numbers, such as branching in trees, arrangement of leaves on a stem, the fruitlets of a pineapple, the flowering of artichoke, an uncurling fern and the arrangement of a pine cone. --EOI-- Fibonacci sequences appear in many places in nature. Some examples of the Fibonacci sequence being used in nature are tree branches, the pattern of leaves on a stem, the fruitlets of a pineapple, the flowering of artichoke, the uncurling of a fern and the arrangement of a pine cone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- to halt the other band members because he was holding a cigarette and had only one drum stick in his hand. --EOI-- to halt the other band members because he was holding a cigarette and had only one drum stick in his hand. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was briefly called Bad Finger Boogie (later the inspiration for the band name Badfinger), supposedly because Lennon composed the melody on a piano using his middle finger after having hurt his forefinger; but in his 1980 Playboy interview Lennon said: "This is Paul, with a little help from me. --EOI-- It was briefly called Bad Finger Boogie (later the inspiration for the band name Badfinger), because Lennon composed the melody on a piano using his middle finger after having hurt his forefinger; but in his 1980 Playboy interview Lennon said: "This is Paul, with a little help from me. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pheasants are characterised by strong sexual dimorphism, males being highly ornate with bright colors and adornments such as wattles and long tails. Males are usually larger than females and have longer tails. --EOI-- Males pheasants are usually larger than the females, and they have feathers of bright colors and long tails. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is the band's first release on a major label. --EOI-- It is the band's first release on a major label. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also faring well were the album's other three singles, "Give It All " (# 37) and "Life Less Frightening " (# 33) and "Paper Wings ". --EOI-- Also faring well were the album's other three singles, "Give It All " (number 37) and "Life Less Frightening " (number 33) and "Paper Wings ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Siren Song of the Counter Culture is the third album by American punk rock band Rise Against, released on August 10, 2004. --EOI-- Siren Song of the Counter Culture is the third album by American punk rock band Rise Against, released on August 10, 2004. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While the album was commercially successful, Siren Song of the Counter Culture is not Rise Against's highest charting album on the Billboard 200, peaking only at# 136; subsequent albums The Sufferer& The Witness and Appeal to Reason both charted higher, peaking at# 10 and# 3 respectively. --EOI-- Despite its big commercial success, Siren Song of the Counter Culture is not Rise Against's highest charting album on the Billboard 200, peaking at number 136; subsequent albums The Sufferer& The Witness and Appeal to Reason both charted higher, peaking at number 10 and number 3. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The album sold very well, mainly due to the success of its single, "Swing Life Away ", which reached# 12 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, making it the band's highest-charting single at the time. --EOI-- The album sold very well, mainly because of the success of its single, "Swing Life Away ", which reached number 12 on the Billboard Modern Rock Tracks, making it the band's highest-ranking single at the time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2004, he appeared in five films, including Wes Anderson's quirky comedy The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou; the British gangster flick Layer Cake; theatrical drama Being Julia; and CGI action fantasy Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow. --EOI-- In 2004, he appeared in five films, including Wes Anderson's quirky comedy The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou; the British gangster flick Layer Cake; theatrical drama Being Julia; and CGI action fantasy Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As Simon Callow once said: "Gambon's iron lungs and overwhelming charisma are able to command a sort of operatic full-throatedness which triumphs over hard walls and long distances ". --EOI-- As Simon Callow once said:â Gambon'sâ iron lungs and overwhelming charisma are able to command a sort of operatic full-throatedness which triumphs over hard walls and long distances. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Back at the National, now on the South Bank, his next turning point was Peter Hall's premiere staging of Harold Pinter's Betrayal, an unexpectedly subtle performance- a production photograph shows him embracing Penelope Wilton with sensitive hands and long slim fingers (the touch of a master clock-maker). --EOI-- Back at the National, now on the South Bank, his next turning point was Peter Hall's premiere staging of Harold Pinter's Betrayal, an unexpectedly subtle performanceâ " a production photograph shows him embracing Penelope Wilton with sensitive hands and long slim fingers (the touch of a master clock-maker). --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was created in 1934 by A.W. Leo, Tom Yates, Ralph Harrison as an ice cream topping in a converted garage in Fullerton, Calif.; customers later discovered that it made an appealing drink when mixed with water. --EOI-- It was created in 1934 by A.W. Leo, Tom Yates, and Ralph Harrison as an ice cream topping, and customers later discovered that it was an appealing drink when mixed with water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cool waters caused the hurricane to weaken to a tropical storm on September 4, and Howard degenerated into a remnant low on September 5. --EOI-- Howard weakened further, becoming a tropical depression on September 5 and degenerated into a remnant low later that day. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The area today called Erholungspark Marzahn includes the GÃ rten der Welt (Gardens of the World) project showing a Chinese, Japanese, Balinese and Korean, labyrinths modelled on Hampton Court Palace and Chartres Cathedral as well as a garden of the Italian Renaissance. --EOI-- The area today called Erholungspark Marzahn includes the GÃ rten der Welt (Gardens of the World) project showing a Chinese, Japanese, Balinese and Korean garden, labyrinths modelled on Hampton Court Palace and Chartres Cathedral as well as a garden of the Italian Renaissance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Marzahn was the site of a labor camp (today a water treatment plant), where Roma were interned from July 16, 1936 on, two weeks prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, away from visitor's eyes. --EOI-- Marzahn was the site of a labor camp (today a water treatment plant), where Roma were interned from July 16, 1936 on, two weeks prior to the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, away from visitor's eyes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Two classes of mutations are spontaneous mutations (molecular decay) and induced mutations caused by mutagens. --EOI-- There are four main types of mutations: --separator-- --simplificataion-- Deflagration (Lat: de+ flagrare, "to burn down ") is a technical term describing subsonic combustion that usually propagates through thermal conductivity (hot burning material heats the next layer of cold material and ignites it). --EOI-- Deflagration (Lat: de+ flagrare, "to burn down ") is a technical term describing subsonic combustion that usually propagates through thermal conductivity (hot burning material heats the next layer of cold material and ignites it). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Addition of water to a burning hydrocarbon such as oil or wax produces a deflagration. --EOI-- Addition of water to a burning hydrocarbon such as oil or wax produces a deflagration. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It struck Galveston and Houston, Texas directly, causing$ 2.6 billion USD ($ 5.27 billion 2006 USD) in damage and killing 21 people; this made it the worst Texas hurricane since Hurricane Carla (1961 season), and Texas' first billion-dollar storm. --EOI-- In the end, Hurricane Alicia killed 21 people and caused$ 2 billion in damage ($ 5.27 billion in 2006 dollars). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The complex flavor of hoja santa is not so easily described; it has been compared to eucalyptus, licorice, sassafras, anise, nutmeg, mint, tarragon, and black pepper. --EOI-- The difficult taste of Hoja santa is not easy to describe. It has been compared to eucalyptus, licorice, sassafras, anise, nutmeg, mint, tarragon, and black pepper. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Between half and three-quarters of all women who have a chlamydia infection of the neck of the womb (cervicitis) have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected. --EOI-- Between half and three-quarters of all women who have chlamydia have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chlamydia can be transmitted during vaginal, anal, or oral sex, and can be passed from an infected mother to her baby during vaginal childbirth. --EOI-- Chlamydia can be transmitted during vaginal, anal, or oral sex. It can also be passed from an infected mother to her baby during vaginal childbirth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chlamydia is a major infectious cause of human genital and eye disease. --EOI-- Chlamydia is a major infectious cause of human genital and eye disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma is a common cause of blindness worldwide. --EOI-- Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma is a common cause of blindness worldwide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chlamydia infection is one of the most common sexually transmitted infections worldwide; it is estimated that about 1 million individuals in the United States are infected with chlamydia. --EOI-- The infection is one of the most common sexually transmitted infections in people worldwide-- about 2.8 million cases of chlamydia infection occur in the United States each year. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chlamydia infection (from the Greek,ÏÎ "ÎÎ 1\/4ÏÎÎ meaning "cloak ") is a common sexually transmitted infection (STI) in humans caused by the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis. --EOI-- Chlamydia infection (from the Greek,ÏÎ "ÎÎ 1\/4ÏÎÎÏ meaning "cloak ") is a common sexually transmitted infection (STI) in humans. It is caused by the bacterium Chlamydia trachomatis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma was once the most important cause of blindness worldwide, but its role diminished from 15% of blindness cases by trachoma in 1995 to 3.6% in 2002. --EOI-- Chlamydia conjunctivitis or trachoma is a common cause of blindness worldwide. The World Health Organization estimates that it accounted for 15% of blindness cases in 1995, but only 3.6% in 2002. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2005, CNN founder and media mogul, Ted Turner, on a visit to North Korea, said that he would financially support any plans to turn the DMZ into a peace park and a UN-protected World Heritage Site. --EOI-- In 2005, CNN founder and media mogul, Ted Turner, on a visit to North Korea, said that he would financially support any plans to turn the DMZ into a peace park and a UN-protected World Heritage Site. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Halls is the brand name of a popular mentholated cough drop. --EOI-- Halls is a brand of cough drops that are popular in Canada and the United States. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is attached to the frenulum clitoridis, which is also attached to the labia minora. --EOI-- The whole structure is attached to the frenulum clitoridis and clitoral body (which is internal). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some species are eaten whole, including the shell, such as soft-shell crab; with other species just the claws and\/or legs are eaten. --EOI-- Some species are eaten whole, including the shell, such as soft-shell crab; with other species just the claws and\/or legs are eaten. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Supporters of the use of animals in experiments, such as the British Royal Society, argue that virtually every medical achievement in the 20th century relied on the use of animals in some way, with the Institute for Laboratory Animal Research of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences arguing that even sophisticated computers are unable to model interactions between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms, and the environment, making animal research necessary in many areas. --EOI-- People who support animal testing argue that almost every medical discovery in the 20th century used animals in some way. They say that even complex computers can not model connections between molecules, cells, tissues, organs, organisms, and the environment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, in response to the Elixir Sulfanilamide disaster of 1937 in which the eponymous drug killed more than 100 users, the U.S. congress passed laws that required safety testing of drugs on animals before they could be marketed. --EOI-- Drugs did not have to be checked for safety. But in 1937, a drug called Elixir Sulfanilamide killed more than 100 people. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some other Internet security systems in widespread use, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), Transport Layer Security (TLS) and Secure Shell (SSH), operate in the upper layers of the TCP\/IP model. --EOI-- Other Internet security protocols in widespread use, such as SSL, TLS and SSH, operate in the upper layers of these models. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Normal functioning of the kidney, brain, liver, heart, and other systems can be affected by uranium exposure, because, besides being weakly radioactive, uranium is a toxic metal. --EOI-- Uranium is weakly radioactive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It contains several cell types and several different peptides (including vasopressin and vasoactive intestinal peptide) and neurotransmitters. --EOI-- It has different cell types, many peptides (including vasopressin and vasoactive intestinal peptide) and neurotransmitters. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was primarily active in Northern Europe, especially the Netherlands and Germany, where a number of his instruments survive to the present day; his organs can also be found as far away as Portugal and Brazil. --EOI-- He mostly worked in Northern Europe, especially the Netherlands and Germany, where a number of his instruments survive to the present day. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Using calcium chloride and potassium chloride the products contain calcium or potassium instead of sodium. --EOI-- If potassium chloride or calcium chloride is used instead, potassium hydroxide and calcium hydroxide are produced. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its clear aqueous solution is guaranteed to be free of carbonate, unlike those of sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide, as barium carbonate is insoluble in water. --EOI-- Barium hydroxide is used in titrations. If sodium hydroxide solution is used, some sodium carbonate may be in there. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other birds such as orioles and jays have learned to eat only the thoracic muscles and abdominal contents because these contain less poison than the rest of the body. --EOI-- Other birds, such as orioles and jays, have learned to eat only the thoracic muscles and the body parts inside the abdomen. These parts have less poison than the rest of the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa has no invasive powers, but causes secondary infections in weakened insects. --EOI-- The bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa causes infections in weakened insects. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Cluster " refers to the tendency of these headaches to occur periodically, with active periods interrupted by spontaneous remissions. --EOI--  "Cluster " refers to the tendency of these headaches to occur periodically, with active periods interrupted by spontaneous remissions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Her second marriage, in December 1947, was to the famous bass player Ray Brown, whom she had met while on tour with Dizzy Gillespie's band a year earlier. --EOI-- In December 1947, she married the famous bass player Ray Brown. She had met him while on tour with Dizzy Gillespie's band a year before. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ella Fitzgerald also recorded albums exclusively devoted to the songs of Porter and Gershwin in 1972 and 1983; the albums being, respectively, Ella Loves Cole and Nice Work If You Can Get It. --EOI-- Ella Fitzgerald also recorded albums of the songs of Cole Porter and George Gershwin in 1972 and 1983. The albums were called Ella Loves Cole and Nice Work If You Can Get It. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After infection with the disease, the body (usually) gains the ability of recognizing the similar smallpox virus from its antigens and so is able to fight the smallpox disease much more efficiently. --EOI-- After infection with the disease, the body (usually) gains the ability recognize the similar smallpox virus from its antigens and so is able to fight the smallpox disease much more efficiently. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cowpox was the original vaccine of sorts for smallpox. --EOI-- Cowpox was the original vaccine of sorts for smallpox. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptoms of infection with cowpox virus in humans are localized, pustular lesions generally found on the hands and limited to the site of introduction. --EOI-- Symptoms of infection with cowpox virus in humans are localized, pustular lesions generally found on the hands and limited to the site of introduction. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cowpox is similar to but much milder than the highly contagious and sometimes deadly smallpox disease. It resembles mild smallpox, and was the basis of the first smallpox vaccines. --EOI-- The disease vaccinated against was the deadly smallpox. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptoms in cats include lesions on the face, neck, forelimbs, and paws, and less commonly upper respiratory tract infection. --EOI-- Symptoms in cats include lesions on the face, neck, forelimbs, and paws, and less commonly upper respiratory tract infection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The vaccinia virus now used for smallpox vaccination is sufficiently different from the cowpox virus found in the wild as to be considered a separate virus. --EOI-- It is caused by a virus (Cowpox virus) that is related to the Vaccinia virus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cowpox virus was used to perform the first successful vaccination against a disease, smallpox, which is caused by the related Variola virus. --EOI-- The virus that causes cowpox was used to perform the first successful vaccination against another disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is believed to be due to its proximity to land and colds waters being brought up due to Henriette's slow movement. --EOI-- This is believed to be due to its close proximity to land and colds waters being brought up due to Henriette's slow movement. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The remnants of Henriette caused flash floods and surface water 8-- 12 inches (20-- 30 cm) deep which covered roads with depths up to 1.5 inches (4 cm) in the U.S. States of New Mexico and Texas. --EOI-- The remnants of Henriette caused flash floods and surface water 8-- 12 inches (20-- 30 cm) deep which covered roads with depths up to 1.5 inches (4 cm) in the U.S. States of New Mexico and Texas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The storm's precipitation flooded nearby agricultural fields, stopping wheat production, forcing local government to fumigate the region to try to prevent a dengue fever outbreak. --EOI-- The storm's precipitation flooded nearby agricultural fields, stopping wheat production, forcing local government to fumigate the region to try to prevent a dengue fever outbreak. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Angel food cake, or Angel cake, is a type of sponge cake originally from North America that first became popular in the U.S. in the late 19th century. --EOI-- Angel food cake is an example of cake that became popular in the United States in the 19th century. It is also called angel cake. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The softer wheat and the lack of fat causes angel food cake to have a very light texture and taste. --EOI-- Thisâ " and not having fatâ " causes angel food cake to have a very light texture and taste. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bodybuilders use weight training to develop their muscles for size, shape, and symmetry regardless of any increase in strength for competition in bodybuilding contests; they train to maximize their muscular size and develop extremely low levels of body fat. --EOI-- Bodybuilders use weight training to improve their body image by developing their muscles for size, shape, and symmetry regardless of any increase in strength for competition in bodybuilding contests; they train to maximize their muscular size and develop extremely low levels of body fat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The animals have weak musculature but maintain agility and buoyancy with little effort thanks to sophisticated statocysts (balancing organs akin to a human's inner ear) and ammonium-rich gelatinous tissues closely matching the density of the surrounding seawater. --EOI-- The animals have weak musculature but maintain agility and buoyancy with little effort thanks to sophisticated statocysts (balancing organs akin to a human's inner ear) and ammonium-rich gelatinous tissues closely matching the density of the surrounding seawater. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Their blue blood's hemocyanin binds and transports oxygen more efficiently than in other cephalopods (Seibel et al. 1999), aided by gills with especially large surface area. --EOI-- Their blue blood's hemocyanin binds and transports oxygen most efficiently, aided by gills with especially large surface area. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At the shallower end of the Vampire Squid's vertical range, the view from below is like the sky at twilight: The highly sensitive eyes of deepwater denizens are able to distinguish the silhouettes of other animals moving overhead. --EOI-- At the shallower end of the Vampire Squid's vertical range, the view from below is like the sky at twilight: The highly sensitive eyes of deepwater dwellers are able to distinguish the silhouettes of other animals moving overhead. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The smaller animals frequent much deeper waters, perhaps feeding on marine snow (falling organic detritus). --EOI-- The smaller animals frequent much deeper waters, perhaps feeding on marine snow (falling organic detritus). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In a threat response called "pumpkin " or "pineapple posture ", the Vampire Squid inverts its caped arms back over the body, presenting an ostensibly larger form covered in fearsome-looking though harmless spines (called cirri) The underside of the cape is heavily pigmented, masking most of the body's photophores. --EOI-- In a threat response called "pumpkin " or "pineapple posture ", the Vampire Squid inverts its caped arms back over the body, presenting an ostensibly larger form covered in fearsome-looking though harmless spines (called cirri). The underside of the cape is heavily pigmented, masking most of the body's photophores. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A. lumbricoides is the largest intestinal roundworm and is the most common helminth infection of humans worldwide, an infection known as ascariasis. --EOI-- A. lumbricoides is the largest intestinal roundworm and is the most common worm infection of humans, an infection known as ascariasis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Infestation can cause morbidity, and sometimes death, by compromising nutritional status, affecting cognitive processes, inducing tissue reactions, such as granuloma, and provoking intestinal obstruction or rectal prolapse. --EOI-- Infestation can cause morbidity, and sometimes death, by compromising nutritional status, affecting cognitive processes, inducing tissue reactions, such as granuloma, and provoking intestinal obstruction or rectal prolapse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On metal, patina is a coating of various chemical compounds such as oxides or carbonates formed on the surface during exposure to the elements (weathering). --EOI-- Patina is a coating of various chemical compounds such as oxides or carbonates formed on the surface of metal during exposure to weathering. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Possibly due to less friction of the eyewall or moving over warm waters of the Gulf Stream, Wilma again re-intensified to reach winds of 125 mph (200 km\/h) before cold air and wind shear penetrated the inner core of convection. --EOI-- The hurricane again re-intensified before cold air and wind shear penetrated the inner core of convection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A recent study showed that in one case a needle biopsy of a liver tumor resulted in spread of the cancer along the path of the needle, and concluded that needle aspiration was dangerous and unnecessary. --EOI-- Needle aspiration biopsy (NAB), also known as fine needle aspiration cytology (FNAC), fine needle aspiration biopsy (FNAB) and fine needle aspiration (FNA), is a medical procedure performed to diagnose certain kinds of medical conditions, such as lumps in the neck. A thin needle is inserted into a mass or lump to extract cells that will be examined under a microscope. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eukaryotic cells contain three main kinds of cytoskeletal filaments, which are microfilaments, intermediate filaments, and microtubules. --EOI-- Eukaryote cells contain three main kinds of cytoskeletal filaments, which are microfilaments (Actin filaments), intermediate filaments, and microtubules. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The concept of a protein mosaic that dynamically coordinated cytoplasmic biochemistry was proposed by Rudolph Peters in 1929 while the term (cytosquelette, in French) was first introduced by French embryologist Paul Wintrebert in 1931. --EOI-- The concept and the term (cytosquelette, in French) was introduced by French embryologist Paul Wintrebert in 1931. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Marshall is well-known for proving that the bacterium Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) is the cause of most peptic ulcers, reversing decades of medical doctrine holding that ulcers were caused by stress, spicy foods, and too much acid. --EOI-- Marshall is well-known for proving that bacteria Helicobacter pylori are the cause of most stomach ulcers. This changed years of medical belief which said that ulcers were caused by stress, spicy foods, and too much acid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptoms included vague stomach discomfort, nausea, vomiting and halitosis (due to the achlorhydia, there was no acid to kill bacteria in the stomach, and their waste products manifested as bad breath). --EOI-- He had stomach discomfort, nausea, vomiting and bad smelling breath. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2005, the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Marshall and Robin Warren, his long-time collaborator, "for their discovery of the bacterium Helicobacter pylori and its role in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease ". --EOI-- In 2005, the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm gave the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine to Dr. Marshall and Dr. Warren for finding the bacterium Helicobacter pylori and its part in gastritis and peptic ulcer disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the fourteenth day of the infection, biopsies of Marshall's stomach did not reveal any bacteria, so spontaneous eradication may have occurred. --EOI-- On the 14th day of the infection, biopsies of Marshall's stomach did not show any bacteria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1982, they performed the initial culture of H. pylori and developed their hypothesis related to the bacterial cause of peptic ulcer and gastric cancer. --EOI-- In 1982 they grew a culture of H. pylori. They worked on their idea that there was a bacterial cause of peptic ulcer and stomach cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Marshall's illness and recovery, based on a culture of organisms extracted from a patient, fulfilled Koch's postulates for H. pylori and gastritis, but not for peptic ulcer. --EOI-- His illness and recovery, showed the link between H. pylori and gastritis, but not for peptic ulcer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To bring attention to the restaurant, Delgadillo sliced the roof off of a 1936 Chevrolet hardtop, adorned the automobile with paint, horns and various automotive emblems and even an artificial Christmas tree in the rear of the car. --EOI-- Delgadillo thought of a fun way to bring attention to his new restaurant. He cut the roof off of a 1936 Chevrolet, put paint, horns and emblems from other cars all over it and placed an artificial Christmas tree in the rear of the car. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Delgadillo's flair for showmanship extended to his menu, which still features such choices as a "cheeseburger with cheese " and "dead chicken. " --EOI-- That menu still has such choices as a "cheeseburger with cheese " and "dead chicken. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Land development and water use have transformed the state, primarily through drainage and infill of the wetlands that once covered most of the peninsula. --EOI-- Land development and water use have changed the state, mostly by draining the wetlands that once covered most of the peninsula. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ancient falaj system of irrigation is still in use in some areas; this system distributes underground water by a network of tunnels which emerge eventually into open channels whose flow can be directed and regulated. --EOI-- The ancient falaj system of irrigation is still in use in some areas. The system brings underground water to people by a network of tunnels that come out into open channels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A frame process can create multiple tab processes, each of which can be of a different integrity level; each tab process can host multiple web sites. --EOI-- A frame process can create multiple tab processes, each of which can be of a different integrity level; each tab process can host multiple web sites. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Windows help and support system will also not function due to the heavy reliance on HTML help files and components of IE. --EOI-- The Windows help and support system will also not function due to the heavy reliance on HTML help files and components of IE. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other new features included a new version of the Internet Explorer Administration Kit (IEAK), Media bar, Windows Messenger integration, fault collection, automatic image resizing, P3P, and a new look-and-feel that was in line with the Luna visual style of Windows XP, when used in Windows XP. --EOI-- Other new features included a new version of the Internet Explorer Administration Kit (IEAK), Media bar, Windows Messenger integration, fault collection, automatic image resizing, P3P, and a new look-and-feel that was in line with the Luna visual style of Windows XP, when used in Windows XP. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Konkan is notable for various Christian castes, owing their origin to Portuguese rule; while in the Carnatic, Lingayatism, a Hindu reformation movement of the 12th century, was embraced by 45% of the population. --EOI-- The Konkan had various Christian castes, because of the rule of the Portuguese. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The name Tachyglossus means "quick tongue ", in reference to the speed with which the Echidna uses its tongue to catch ants and termites, and aculeatus means "spiny " or "equipped with spines ". --EOI-- This is about the speed with which the echidna uses its tongue to catch ants and termites. The word aculeatus means "spiny " or "equipped with spines ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nostrils and the mouth are at the distal end of the snout; the mouth of the Short-beaked Echidna can not open wider than 5 m. The body of the Short-beaked Echidna is, with the exception of the underside, face and legs, covered with cream-coloured spines. --EOI-- The mouth of the Short-beaked Echidna can not open wider than 5 mm. The body of the Short-beaked Echidna is, except for the underside, face and legs, covered with cream-coloured spines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The tongue of the Short-beaked Echidna is the animal's sole means of catching prey, and can protrude up to 180 m outside the snout. --EOI-- The tongue of the Short-beaked Echidna is the animal's only way of catching prey. It can stick out up to 180 mm outside the snout. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The embryo develops an "egg tooth " during incubation, which it uses to tear open the egg; the tooth disappears soon after hatching. --EOI-- The embryo develops an "egg tooth " during incubation, which it uses to tear open the egg; the tooth disappears soon after hatching. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By contraction of various parts of the panniculus carnosus, the Short-beaked Echidna can change shape, the most characteristic shape change being achieved by rolling itself into a ball when threatened, so protecting its belly and presenting a defensive array of sharp spines. --EOI-- By contraction of various parts of this muscle the Short-beaked Echidna can change shape. The most common shape change is achieved by rolling itself into a ball when threatened, protecting its belly and presenting a defensive array of sharp spines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the tongue is retracted, the prey is caught on backward-facing keratinous "teeth ", located along the roof of the buccal cavity, allowing the animal both to capture and grind food. --EOI-- When the tongue is retracted, the prey is caught on backward-facing keratinous "teeth ", located along the roof of the buccal cavity. This allows the animal to both capture and grind food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Protrusion of the tongue is achieved by contracting circular muscles that change the shape of the tongue and force it forwards and contracting two genioglossal muscles attached to the caudal end of the tongue and to the mandible. --EOI-- Sticking out the tongue is achieved by contracting the circular muscles that change the shape of the tongue and force it forward, and contraction of two muscles attached to the caudal end of the tongue and to the mandible. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has a highly sensitive optic nerve, and has been shown to have visual discrimination and spatial memory comparable to those of a rat. --EOI-- It has a highly sensitive optic nerve. It has been shown to have visual discrimination and spatial memory comparable to those of a rat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Insulation is provided by fur between the spines, which ranges in color from honey to a dark reddish-brown and even black; the underside and short tail are also covered in fur. --EOI-- They have fur between the spines, which ranges in color from honey to a dark reddish-brown and even black. The underside and short tail are also covered in fur. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another story tells of a greedy man who kept food from his tribe; warriors speared him and he crawled away into the bushes, where he turned into an Echidna, the spears becoming his spines. --EOI-- Another story tells of a greedy man that kept food from his tribe; warriors speared him and he crawled away into the bushes, where he was turned into an Echidna, the spears becoming his spines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Short-beaked Echidna is covered in fur and spines and has a distinctive snout and a specialized tongue, which it uses to catch its prey at a great speed. --EOI-- The Short-beaked Echidna is covered in fur and spines. It has a special nose (snout) and a special tongue that lets the echidna catch its prey at a great speed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Griffith discovered that a harmless strain of Streptococcus pneumoniae could be made virulent after being exposed to heat-killed virulent strains. --EOI-- Griffith discovered that a harmless strain of Streptococcus pneumoniae could be made virulent after being exposed to heat-killed virulent strains. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Transformation did not become routine procedure in laboratories until 1972 when Stanley Cohen, Annie Chang and Leslie Hsu successfully transformed Escherichia coli by treating the bacteria with calcium chloride. --EOI-- Transformation did not become routine procedure in laboratories until 1972 when Cohen successfully transformed Escherichia coli by treating the bacteria with calcium chloride. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By removing the genes in the plasmid that caused the cancer and adding in novel genes researchers were able to infect plants with A. tumefaciens and let the bacteria insert their chosen DNA into the genomes of the plants. --EOI-- By removing the genes in the plasmid which caused the tumor and adding in new genes researchers were able to infect plants with A. tumefaciens and let the bacteria insert their chosen DNA into the genomes of the plants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1907 a bacterium that caused plant tumors, Agrobacterium tumefaciens, was discovered and in the early 1970s the tumor inducing agent was found to be a DNA plasmid called the Ti plasmid. --EOI-- In 1907 a bacterium that caused plant tumors, Agrobacterium tumefaciens, was discovered and in the early 1970s the tumor inducing agent was found to be a DNA plasmid called the Ti plasmid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rete tubular ectasia is a disorder of the rete testis in which many benign cysts are present. --EOI-- Rete testis is a network of small tubules found in the part of the testicle that carries sperm. They can sometimes get cysts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Parliamentary systems usually have a clear differentiation between the head of government and the head of state, with the head of government being the prime minister or premier, and the head of state often being a figurehead, usually either a president (elected either popularly or by the parliament, a Parliamentary republic) or a hereditary monarch (or representative thereof such as a Governor-General), often seen in a constitutional monarchy. --EOI-- Parliamentary systems usually have a head of government and a head of state. The head of government is the prime minister, and the head of state often being an elected (either popularly or through parliament) president or hereditary monarch. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Common added flavorings include garlic, cumin, lemon juice, olive oil, and vinegar. --EOI-- Things commonly added include garlic, cumin, and lemon juice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Today, it is recognized as highly nutritious, particularly as a good source of protein, dietary fiber, iron and potassium. --EOI-- Today, it is recognized as highly nutritious and provides a good source of protein, fiber, iron and potassium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Whereas Pallas and Eris- the only larger bodies with comparably tilted orbits- have nodes near perihelion and aphelion, Euphrosyne's perihelion lies at the northernmost point of its orbit. --EOI-- Whereas Pallas and Eris- the only bigger bodies with comparably tilted orbits- have nodes near perihelion and aphelion, Euphrosyne's perihelion lies at the northernmost point of its orbit. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fox was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 1991, and disclosed his condition to the public in 1998. --EOI-- Fox found out he had Parkinson's disease in 1991, and informed this to the public in 1998. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With a film and television career spanning from the late 1970s, Fox's roles have included Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy (1985â "1990); Alex P. Keaton from Family Ties (1982-1989) for which he won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award; and Mike Flaherty from Spin City (1996â "2000), for which he won an Emmy, three Golden Globes, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. --EOI-- His most famous roles include Marty McFly from the Back to the Future trilogy (1985-1990); Alex P. Keaton from Family Ties (1982-1989), for which he won three Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Award; and Mike Flaherty from Spin City (1996-2000), for which he won an Emmy, three Golden Globes, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because of Dalton's work, the condition was often called daltonism, although this term is now used for a type of color blindness called deuteranopia. --EOI-- Because of this, the condition is sometimes called daltonism. As of 2009, the word daltonism is used for only one type of color blindness called red\/green color blindness. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many of the genes involved in color vision are on the X chromosome, making color blindness more common in males than in females because males have only one X chromosome, while females have two. --EOI-- Males have one X and one Y chromosome; females have two X chromosomes. Many of the genes involved in making color vision work are on the X chromosome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition, some color blind people find it easier to distinguish problem colors on artificial materials, such as plastic or in acrylic paints, than on natural materials, such as paper or wood. --EOI-- In addition, some color blind people find it easier to tell the difference between colors on artificial materials, such as plastic or in acrylic paints, than on natural materials, such as paper or wood. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Good graphic design avoids using color coding or using color contrasts alone to express information; this not only helps color blind people, but also aids understanding by normally sighted people. --EOI-- Good graphic design avoids using color coding or color differences alone to give information. This does not only help color blind people, but also normally sighted people. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The most common are redâ "green hereditary photoreceptor disorders, but it is also possible to acquire color blindness through damage to the retina, optic nerve, or higher brain areas. --EOI-- Color blindness can therefore also result if these areas of the brain, the optic nerve or the retina have been damaged. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Color blindness is usually classed as a mild disability, but in certain situations, color blind individuals have an advantage over those with normal color vision. --EOI-- Color blindness is usually thought of as a disability. However, people who are color blind have an advantage: they are sometimes better at seeing through some types of camouflage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A commonly held belief, even among nutritionists, is that complex carbohydrates (polysaccharides, e.g. starches) are digested more slowly than simple carbohydrates (sugars) and thus are healthier. --EOI-- Medical science tells about two types of carbohydrates: simple carbohydrates, and complex carbohydrates. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Various species have evolved to not only blend with the foliage, but to mimic it, appearing as either living or withered leaves, sticks, tree bark, blades of grass, flowers, or even stones. --EOI-- Various species have adapted to not only blend with the foliage, but to mimic it, appearing as either living or withered leaves, sticks, tree bark, blades of grass, flowers, or even stones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mantises have two grasping, spiked forelegs ( "raptorial legs ") in which prey items are caught and held securely. The first thoracic segment, the prothorax, is commonly elongated and flexibly articulated, allowing for greater range of movement of the front limbs, while the remainder of the body remains more or less immobile. --EOI-- Prey are caught and held securely with grasping, spiked forelegs ( "raptoria) legs "); the first thoracic segment, the prothorax, is commonly elongated and flexibly articulated, allowing for greater range of movement of the front limbs while the remainder of the body remains more or less immobile. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bevacizumab is currently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for cancers that are metastatic (have spread to other parts of the body). It received its first approval in 2004 for combination use with standard chemotherapy for metastatic colon cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. --EOI-- Bevacizumab is an anti-angiogenic drug that is used in the treatment of Metastatic Renal cell carcinoma, Metastatic breast cancer, Non-small cell lung cancer, and is also approved in the treatment Glioblastoma multiforme. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The core may be composed of solid and liquid layers, while the cores of Mars and Venus are thought to be completely solid as they lack an internally generated magnetic field. --EOI-- The Earth's core is partially liquid, while the cores of Mars and Venus are thought to be completely solid, because the cores do not make a magnetic field. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term "belly dancing " is generally credited to Sol Bloom, entertainment director of the 1893 World's Fair, the World Columbian Exposition in Chicago, although he consistently referred to the dance as "danse du ventre, " of which "belly dance " is a literal translation. In his memoirs, Bloom states only that "when the public learned... danse du ventre... I had a gold mine. " --EOI-- The term "Belly dance " is translated from the French "danse du ventre ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Liquid is one of the three primary states of matter, with the others being solid and gas. --EOI-- A liquid is a form of matter. It is settled between solid and gas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Beriberi is a nervous system ailment caused by a thiamine deficiency (deficiency of vitamin B1) in the diet. --EOI-- Beriberi is a disease of the nervous system caused by a person not getting enough thiamine in the diet. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thiamine is involved in the breakdown of energy molecules such as glucose and is also found on the membranes of neurons. --EOI-- Thiamine is needed to breakdown food such as glucose. It is also found on the membranes of neurons. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptoms of beriberi include severe lethargy and fatigue, together with complications affecting the cardiovascular, nervous, muscular, and gastrointestinal systems. --EOI-- Symptoms of beriberi include severe lethargy and tiredness. There are also problems that affect the cardiovascular system, the nervous system, muscles, and gastrointestinal systems. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Currently, it is produced by heating a mixture of ammonium chloride, or ammonium sulfate and chalk, to redness in iron retorts, the vapors being condensed in leaden receivers. The crude product is refined by sublimation, when it is obtained as a white fibrous mass, which consists of a mixture of ammonium bicarbonate, NH4HCO3, and ammonium carbonate, (NH4) 2CO3, in molecular proportions; on account of its possessing this constitution it is sometimes called ammonium polycarbonate. --EOI-- Ammonium carbonate is made by reacting ammonium sulfate, ammonium chloride, and calcium carbonate in a furnace. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It possesses a strong ammonium smell, and on digestion with alcohol the carbonate is dissolved and a residue of ammonium bicarbonate is left; a similar decomposition taking place when the polycarbonate is exposed to air. --EOI-- The ammonium carbonate is exposed to air to decompose any bicarbonate and then is sold. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The New International Version (NIV) attempts to strike a balance between dynamic and formal equivalence; some place it as a "dynamic equivalence " translation, while others place it as leaning more towards "formal equivalence ". --EOI-- This is called dynamic equivalence. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The earliest written record of Chinese past so far discovered dates from the Shang Dynasty in perhaps the 13th century BC and takes the form of inscriptions of divination records on the bones or shells of animalsâ " the so-called oracle bones. --EOI-- From the time of the Shang Dynasty (13th century BC), some written history is available. Writings were done on Oracle Bones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In traditional Chinese medicines, the herb mÃ huÃ ng (é "é ", Ephedra sinica) contains ephedrine and pseudoephedrine as its principal active constituents. --EOI-- The herb mÃ huÃ ng (é "é ", Ephedra sinica) is used in traditional Chinese medicine. It has ephedrine and pseudoephedrine in it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2007, companies produced for export extract US$ 13 million worth of ephedrine from 30,000 tons of ephedra annually, 10 times the amount that is used in traditional Chinese medicine. --EOI-- Companies extract$ 13 million worth of ephedrine from 30,000 tons of ephedra per year, 10 times the amount that is used in traditional Chinese medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Martin Van Buren then retired to his home in Kinderhook. After being bedridden with a case of pneumonia during the fall of 1861, Martin Van Buren died of bronchial asthma and heart failure at his Lindenwald estate in Kinderhook at 2:00 a.m. on July 24, 1862. --EOI-- In July, 1862, Van Buren had a serious asthma attack and began to weaken.49 Van Buren died on July 24, 1862, at his home in Kinderhook, New York, of heart failure.382 He was 79 years old. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A scanning tunneling microscope (STM) is an instrument for imaging surfaces at the atomic level. --EOI-- Scanning tunneling microscopy (STM) is a way to view atoms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Various lineages of the Aâ Aâ survive today that can be traced back to the founders Crowley and George Cecil Jones. --EOI-- Various lineages of the Aâ Aâ survive today that can be traced back to the founders Aleister Crowley and George Cecil Jones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cadmium performs the same function as zinc in other anhydrases, but the diatoms live in environments with very low zinc concentrations and thus they utilize cadmium to perform functions normally carried out by zinc. --EOI-- Cadmium is taken from the zinc metal by heating the zinc metal in a vacuum. Cadmium is boiled first. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tobacco smoking is the most important single source of cadmium exposure in the general population. It has been estimated that about 10% of the cadmium content of a cigarette is inhaled through smoking. --EOI-- Cigarette smoking is the most important source of cadmium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine and Physiology in 1903 "in recognition of his contribution to the treatment of diseases, especially lupus vulgaris, with concentrated light radiation, whereby he has opened a new avenue for medical science. " --EOI-- He won the 1903 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for treating lupus vulgaris (tuberculosis of the skin), with light radiation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The distance between thumb and another finger to the elbow on an average person measures about 24 digits or 6 palms or 1Â 1\/2 feet. --EOI-- The distance between thumb and another finger to the elbow on an average person and measures about 24 digits or 6 palms or 1Â 1\/2 feet. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The human body normally contains copper at a level of about 1.4 to 2.1 mg for each kg of body mass.. Copper is distributed widely in the body and occurs in liver, muscle and bone. --EOI-- Copper is important in the human body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other common rubidium compounds are the corrosive rubidium hydroxide (RbOH), the starting material for most rubidium-based chemical processes; rubidium carbonate (RbCO3), which is used in some optical glasses, and rubidium copper sulfate, Rb2SO4â cents CuSO4â cents 6H2O. --EOI-- Rubidium hydroxide and rubidium carbonate are also used commonly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One species of land snail, the Giant African Snail, can grow to be 15 i from snout to tail, and weigh 1 k. The largest living species of sea snail is Syrinx aruanus which has a shell that can measure up to 90 c in length, and the whole animal with the shell can weigh up to 18 k. --EOI-- The biggest snail is the giant African snail. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer typically have a poor prognosis, partly because the cancer usually causes no symptoms early on, leading to locally advanced or metastatic disease at time of diagnosis. --EOI-- Pancreatic cancer is cancer affecting the pancreas. It has a poor prognosis, with less than 5% of patients surviving beyond five years after the cancer has been diagnosed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pancreatic cancer is a malignant neoplasm of the pancreas. --EOI-- Pancreatic cancer is cancer affecting the pancreas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The prognosis is poor, with fewer than 5% of those diagnosed still alive five years after diagnosis. --EOI-- It has a poor prognosis, with less than 5% of patients surviving beyond five years after the cancer has been diagnosed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Translation: On the 30th May was a jolly May-game in Fenchurch Street (London) with drums and guns and pikes, The Nine Worthies did ride; and they all had speeches, and the morris dance and sultan and an elephant with a castle (saddle in the shape of a castle) and the sultan and young moors with shields and arrows, and the lord and lady of the May ". --EOI-- Translation: On the 30th May was a jolly May-game in Fenchurch Street (London) with drums and guns and pikes, The Nine Worthies did ride; and they all had speeches, and the morris dance and sultan and a elephant with a castle (saddle in the shape of a castle) and the sultan and young moors with shields and arrows, and the lord and lady of the May ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Much of the damage was done well away from the landfall site, as Carla spawned one of the largest hurricane-related tornado outbreaks on record at the time, when 26 tornadoes touched down within its circulation. --EOI-- Much of the damage was done well away from the landfall site, as Carla caused one of the largest hurricane-related tornado outbreaks on record at the time, when 26 tornadoes touched down within its circulation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In solitary polyps, the aboral end is attached to the substrate by means of a disc-like holdfast called the pedal disc, while in colonies of polyps it is connected to other polyps, either directly or indirectly. --EOI-- Polyps are one of two forms of the cnidarians. Usually polyps are asexual. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Under these conditions, only about one out of every 650,000 C60 cages was doped with a helium atom; with higher pressures (3000 bar), it is possible to achieve a yield of up to 0.1%. --EOI-- Only about one out of every 650,000 C60 were found with a helium atom. But with more pressures (about 3000 bar), it is possible to get as much as 0.1%. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Physics, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. --EOI-- The Nobel Prize in Literature is one of many Nobel Prizes given in honor of Alfred Nobel. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its studios are located at Broadcast City, Old Balara, Capitol Hills, Diliman, Quezon City and its transmitter is located at the Coca Cola plant in Roosevelt Ave., San Francisco Del Monte, Quezon City. --EOI-- The studios of the station is located at Broadcast City Capitol Hills Diliman, Quezon City. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sir Peter Brian Medawar OM CBE FRS (28 February 1915-- 2 October 1987) was a British biologist, whose work on graft rejection and the discovery of acquired immune tolerance was fundamental to the practice of tissue and organ transplants. --EOI-- Sir Peter Brian Medawar OM CBE FRS (28 February 1915-- 2 October 1987) was a British biologist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Medawar was awarded his Nobel Prize in 1960 with Burnet for their work in tissue grafting which is the basis of organ transplants, and their discovery of acquired immunological tolerance. --EOI-- Medawar was awarded his Nobel Prize in 1960 for work in tissue grafting, which is the basis of organ transplants. He and his team discovered acquired immunological tolerance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They have long necks, powerful tails and claws, and well-developed limbs. --EOI-- They have long necks, powerful tails and claws, and well-developed limbs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In colloquial American English, the word "bandage " is often used to mean a dressing, which is used directly on a wound, whereas a bandage is technically only used to support a dressing, and not directly on a wound. --EOI-- In common speech, the word "bandage " is often used to mean a dressing, though technically the two are different things. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Messenger RNA (mRNA) is the RNA that carries information from DNA to the ribosome, the sites of protein synthesis (translation) in the cell. --EOI-- This is done by messenger RNA (mRNA). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The mRNA is then exported from the nucleus to the cytoplasm, where it is bound to ribosomes and translated into its corresponding protein form with the help of tRNA. In prokaryotic cells, which do not have nucleus and cytoplasm compartments, mRNA can bind to ribosomes while it is being transcribed from DNA. --EOI-- Then the mRNA moves from the nucleus to the ribosomes in the cytoplasm to form proteins. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eukaryotic ribosomes contain four different rRNA molecules: 18S, 5.8 S, 28S and 5S rRNA. --EOI-- Eukaryotic ribosomes contain four different rRNA molecules: 18S, 5.8 S, 28S and 5S rRNA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the cytoplasm, ribosomal RNA and protein combine to form a nucleoprotein called a ribosome. --EOI-- In the cytoplasm, ribosomal RNA and protein combine to form a nucleoprotein called a ribosome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This process uses transfer RNA (tRNA) molecules to deliver amino acids to the ribosome, where ribosomal RNA (rRNA) links amino acids together to form proteins. --EOI-- They transfer RNA (tRNA) and ribosomal RNA (rRNA). --separator-- --simplificataion-- RNA is made within living cells by RNA polymerases, enzymes that act to copy a DNA or RNA template into a new RNA strand through processes known as transcription or RNA replication, respectively. RNA and DNA are both nucleic acids, but differ in three main ways. --EOI-- RNA also contains different bases to DNA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The most prominent examples of non-coding RNAs are transfer RNA (tRNA) and ribosomal RNA (rRNA), both of which are involved in the process of translation. --EOI-- Two kinds of non-coding RNAs help in the process of building proteins in the cell. They transfer RNA (tRNA) and ribosomal RNA (rRNA). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Liquid crystals (LCs) are a state of matter that have properties between those of a conventional liquid and those of a solid crystal. --EOI-- Liquid crystals are special substances that are usually liquid, but that show certain properties of a solid crystal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In windmills (a much older technology) wind energy is used to turn mechanical machinery to do physical work, like crushing grain or pumping water. --EOI-- In windmills (a much older technology) wind energy is used to turn mechanical machinery to do physical work, like crushing grain or pumping water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Drizzle is a light rain precipitation consisting of liquid water drops smaller than those of rain, and generally smaller than 0.5 mm (0.02 in.) --EOI-- Drizzle is the name given to light rain. The drop size of drizzle is smaller than that of rain, about 0.5 mm (millimeters) in diameter. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Athenians had honed their style of fighting in combat with other phalanxes, wooden shields smashing against wooden shields, iron spear tips clattering against breastplates of bronze... in those first terrible seconds of collision, there was nothing but a pulverizing crash of metal into flesh and bone; then the rolling of the Athenian tide over men wearing, at most, quilted jerkins for protection, and armed, perhaps, with nothing more than bows or slings. --EOI-- The Athenians had honed their style of fighting in combat with other phalanxes, wooden shields smashing against wooden shields, iron spear tips clattering against breastplates of bronze... in those first terrible seconds of collision, there was nothing but a pulverizing crash of metal into flesh and bone; then the rolling of the Athenian tide over men wearing, at most, quilted jerkins for protection, and armed, perhaps, with nothing more than bows or slings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sugar is a term for a class of edible crystalline carbohydrates, mainly sucrose, lactose, and fructose characterized by a sweet flavor. --EOI-- Most of the time, it refers to either sucrose, lactose or fructose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition, about 83 sq. miles (215 kmÂ) of crop lands were impacted. --EOI-- About 83 sq. miles (215 kmÂ) of crop lands were damaged. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The film and the documentary about the making of the film, The Balano and the Bark Canoes, give a remarkable testimony to the indigenous struggle to keep their culture alive- or rather revive it in the wake of considerable relative modernization and influence of white (` balano') cultural imposition. --EOI-- The movie and also the movie about how it was made, The Balano and the Bark Canoes, shows the great struggle the indigenous people have made to keep their culture alive. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Near the East Alligator River crossing, a figure was painted of a man carrying a gun and wearing his hair in long pigtails down his back; the latter identified him historically as a Chinese labourer brought to Darwin in the late 19th century. --EOI-- There is a painting, near the East Alligator River crossing, which shows a man with a gun and long pigtails down his back. This would be one of the Chinese workers brought to Darwin in the late 19th century. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The other, hidden sex organs are referred to as the secondary genitalia or internal genitalia. --EOI-- The genitals include both organs that can be seen on the outside of the body (the primary genitalia or external genitalia), as well as internal organs (the secondary genitalia or internal genitalia). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Latin term genitalia, sometimes anglicized as genital area, is used to describe the externally visible sex organs, known as primary genitalia or external genitalia: in males, the penis and scrotum; and in females, the clitoris and vulva. --EOI-- The genitals include both organs that can be seen on the outside of the body (the primary genitalia or external genitalia), as well as internal organs (the secondary genitalia or internal genitalia). Sometimes, however, the words genitalia or genitals are used to refer only to the external sex organs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This process, called transduction, explained how bacteria of different species could gain resistance to the same antibiotic very quickly. --EOI-- This process, called transduction, explained how bacteria of different species could gain resistance to the same antibiotic quickly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was just 33 years old when he won the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering that bacteria can mate and exchange genes. --EOI-- He was just 33 years old when he won the 1958 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for discovering that bacteria can mate and exchange genes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills, after years of suffering from what she had claimed to be a very rare and painful photo allergy induced by an earlier penicillin treatment that had forced her to avoid practically all sunlight for years. --EOI-- She had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills. She was said to have suffered from photo allergy (sunlight burns the skin). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nonetheless the ideals of futurism remain as significant components of modern Western culture; the emphasis on youth, speed, power and technology finding expression in much of modern commercial cinema and culture. --EOI-- Nonetheless the ideals of futurism remain as significant components of modern Western culture; the emphasis on youth, speed, power and technology finding expression in much of modern commercial cinema and culture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To concentrate a solution, one must add more solute (e.g. alcohol), or reduce the amount of solvent (e.g. water). --EOI-- To concentrate a solution, one must add more solute, or reduce the amount of solvent. --separator-- --simplificataion-- DAB was launched to the public in late 2006, and now contains eight RTÃ digital-only stations-- RTÃ 2XM, RTÃ Chill, RTÃ Choice, RTÃ Digital Radio News, RTÃ Gold, RTÃ Junior, RTÃ Pulse and RTÃ Radio 1 Extra-- as well as the four terrestrial services. RTÃ's radio stations are also carried on digital cable and satellite platforms in Ireland, as well as on digital terrestrial television, and RTÃ Radio 1 has been carried on shortwave in DRM during specific events, including the All Ireland finals. --EOI-- RTÃ Radio has four stations. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The CNS is contained within the dorsal cavity, with the brain in the cranial cavity and the spinal cord in the spinal cavity. --EOI-- The CNS is protected by bone in the dorsal cavity: the brain in the cranial subcavity, and the spinal cord in the spinal cavity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is the result of fermentation, where lactic acid bacteria ferment the lactose in the milk into lactic acid. --EOI-- Fermentation makes this happen. Lactic acid bacteria changes the milk sugar into lactic acid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A landing at any site other than Kennedy Space Center means that after touchdown the shuttle must be mated to the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft and returned to Cape Canaveral. Space Shuttle Columbia (STS-3) landed at the White Sands Space Harbor, New Mexico; this is viewed as a last resort as NASA scientists believe that the sand could potentially damage the shuttle's exterior. --EOI-- It was done by the Space Shuttle Columbia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The flushing action of tears and saliva helps prevent infection of the eyes and mouth. --EOI-- The flushing action of tears and saliva helps prevent infection of the eyes and mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chemical factors produced during inflammation (histamine, bradykinin, serotonin, leukotrienes also prostaglandins) sensitize pain receptors, cause vasodilation of the blood vessels at the scene, and attract phagocytes, especially neutrophils. --EOI-- Chemical factors produced during inflammation attract phagocytes, especially neutrophils. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the gastrointestinal and respiratory tract, movement due to peristalsis or cilia helps removing infectious agents. --EOI-- In the gastrointestinal and respiratory tract, movement due to peristalsis or cilia helps remove infectious agents. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The gut flora can prevent the colonization of pathogenic bacteria by secreting toxic substances or by competing with pathogenic bacteria for nutrients or attachment to cell surfaces. --EOI-- The gut flora can prevent pathogenic bacteria by secreting toxic substances or by competing with pathogenic bacteria for nutrients or attachment to cell surfaces. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Games were also intended to show the superiority of the Aryan race; a goal that was not met due in part to the achievements of athletes such as Jesse Owens, who won four gold medals at this Olympics and Indian hockey legend Major Dhyan Chand, who captained the British Indian field hockey team to a great victory against Germany. --EOI-- The Games were also intended to show the superiority of the Aryan) white) race. This goal was not met due in part to the achievements of athletes such as Jesse Owens, who won four gold medals at this Olympics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Would it be too bold to imagine, that in the great length of time, since the earth began to exist, perhaps millions of ages before the commencement of the history of mankind, would it be too bold to imagine, that all warm-blooded animals have arisen from one living filament, which THE GREAT FIRST CAUSE endued with animality, with the power of acquiring new parts, attended with new propensities, directed by irritations, sensations, volitions, and associations; and thus possessing the faculty of continuing to improve by its own inherent activity, and of delivering down those improvements by generation to its posterity, world without end! --EOI-- Would it be too bold to imagine that, in the great length of time since the earth began to exist, perhaps millions of ages before the commencement of the history of mankind, would it be too bold to imagine that all warm-blooded animals have arisen from one living filament, which the great First Cause endued (invested) with animality, with the power of acquiring new parts, attended with new propensities, directed by irritations, sensations, volitions and associations, and thus possessing the faculty of continuing to improve by its own inherent activity, and of delivering down these improvements by generation to its posterity, world without end! --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some of the many different kinds of edible vegetable oils include: olive oil, palm oil, soybean oil, canola oil, pumpkin seed oil, corn oil, sunflower oil, safflower oil, peanut oil, grape seed oil, sesame oil, argan oil and rice bran oil. --EOI-- olive oil, soybean oil, canola oil, corn oil, sunflower oil, safflower oil, peanut oil, grape seed oil, cashew oil, sesame oil, argan oil and rice bran oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg, known universally as Paul von Hindenburg (; 2 October 1847â "2 August 1934) was a German field marshal, statesman, and politician, and served as the second President of Germany from 1925 to 1934. --EOI-- Paul Ludwig Hans Anton von Beneckendorff und von Hindenburg (known as Paul von Hindenburg). (2 October 1847â "2 August 1934). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cocoa butter, also called theobroma oil or theobroma cacao, is a pale-yellow, pure edible vegetable fat extracted from the cacao bean. --EOI-- Cocoa butter, also called theobroma oil, is the pale-yellow, pure vegetable fat of the cacao bean. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is used to make chocolate, biscuits, baked goods, pharmaceuticals, ointments, and toiletries. --EOI-- Cocoa butter is removed from the cacao beans and can be used to make chocolate, pharmaceuticals, ointments, and toiletries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Milk and sugar are added to make white chocolate, but most of it is used to produce milk chocolate, some of which contains more cocoa butter than chocolate liquor. --EOI-- It is used to make solid chocolate bars, and mixed with cocoa powder to make solid pieces of chocolate. Cocoa butter is removed from the cacao beans and can be used to make chocolate, pharmaceuticals, ointments, and toiletries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hans Spemann (June 27, 1869-- September 9, 1941) was a German embryologist who was awarded a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1935 for his discovery of the effect now known as embryonic induction, an influence, exercised by various parts of the embryo, that directs the development of groups of cells into particular tissues and organs. --EOI-- Hans Spemann (27 June 1869-- 9 September 1941) was an German doctor. He won the 1935 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, for his discovery of the` organizer effect' in embryonic development --separator-- --simplificataion-- A Scanner Darkly (1977) is a bleak mixture of science fiction and police procedural novels; in its story, an undercover narcotics police detective begins to lose touch with reality after falling victim to the same permanently mind altering drug, Substance D, he was enlisted to help fight. --EOI-- A Scanner Darkly (1977) is a bleak mixture of science fiction and police procedural novels. In its story, an undercover narcotics police detective begins to lose touch with reality. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Savoury versions may consist of meat, fish, mushrooms, cabbage, buckwheat groats or potato. --EOI-- Savory versions may consist of meat, fish, mushrooms, cabbage, buckwheat groats or potato. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the US, practical research into using rabbit fever as a bioweapon took place in 1954 at Pine Bluff Arsenal, Arkansas, an extension of the Camp Detrick program. --EOI-- In the USA, practical research into using Tularemia as a bioweapon took place at Camp Detrick in the 1950s. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tularemia (also known as Pahvant Valley plague, rabbit fever, deer fly fever, Ohara's fever) is a serious infectious disease caused by the bacterium Francisella tularensis. --EOI-- Tularemia (also called "Goblin Fever ", "deer-fly fever ", "Ohara fever " and "Francis disease ") is a disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The best way to prevent tularemia infection is to wear rubber gloves when handling or skinning lagomorphs (such as rabbits), avoid ingesting uncooked wild game and untreated water sources, wear long-sleeved clothes, and use an insect repellent to prevent tick bites. --EOI-- The best way to prevent tularemia infection is to wear rubber gloves when handling or skinning rodents or lagomorphs (as rabbits), avoid ingesting uncooked wild game and untreated water sources, and wearing long-sleeved clothes and using an insect repellent to prevent tick bites. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention regard F. tularensis as a viable bioweapons agent, and it has been included in the biological warfare programs of the USA, USSR and Japan at various times. --EOI-- tularensis could possibly be a bioweapons agent. For this reason, it has been included in the biological warfare programs of the USA, USSR and Japan at various times. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Radishes have numerous varieties, varying in size, color and duration of required cultivation time. There are some radishes that are grown for their seeds; oilseed radishes are grown, as the name implies, for oil production. --EOI-- People eat radishes all over the world. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Paramyxoviruses (from Greek para-, beyond,- myxo-, mucus or slime, plus virus, from Latin poison, slime) are viruses of the Paramyxoviridae family of the Mononegavirales order; they are negative-sense single-stranded RNA viruses responsible for a number of human and animal diseases. --EOI-- Paramyxoviruses (from Greek para-, beyond,- myxo-, mucus or slime, plus virus, from Latin poison, slime) are viruses of the Paramyxoviridae family of the Mononegavirales order; they are negative-sense single-stranded RNA viruses responsible for a number of human and animal diseases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These products include Gatorade Carbohydrate Energy Drink, Gatorade Protein Recovery Shake, the Gatorade Nutrition Shake, and the Gatorade Nutrition Bar. --EOI-- Gatorade is a sports drink manufactured by PepsiCo. Gatorade is known for the original Lemon-Lime flavor since 1965. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Coca-Cola Company has, on occasion, introduced other cola drinks under the Coke brand name. The most common of these is Diet Coke, with others including Caffeine-Free Coca-Cola, Diet Coke Caffeine-Free, Coca-Cola Cherry, Coca-Cola Zero, Coca-Cola Vanilla, and special editions with lemon, lime or coffee. --EOI-- The company sells many other products, including other sorts of Coca-Cola, such as Diet Coke (1981), Cherry Coke (1985), Diet Cherry Coke (1986), Diet\/ Coke with Lemon (2001), Diet\/ Vanilla Coke (2002), Diet\/ Coke with Li (2004), Coke Zero (2006), Coca Cola with Orange (2007), Diet Coke Citrus Zest (2007). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Jamie won immunity. Gary, targeted for elimination by the dominant NakÃ m alliance, surprised the tribe with the Idol at Tribal Council. --EOI-- Gary, whom NakÃ m wanted gone, surprised the tribe with the Hidden Immunity Idol at Tribal Council. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Single-stranded DNA is usually expanded to double-stranded in infected cells. Although Group VII viruses such as hepatitis B contain a DNA genome, they are not considered DNA viruses according to the Baltimore classification, but rather reverse transcribing viruses because they replicate through an RNA intermediate. --EOI-- DNA viruses use DNA for their genome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term "fiber " is something of a misnomer, since many types of so-called dietary fiber are not fibers at all. Food sources of dietary fiber are often divided according to whether they provide (predominantly) soluble or insoluble fiber. --EOI-- Dietary fiber is the part of food from plants that can not be digested. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This conclusion was reached by noting similarities in the damage to the skull and eye sockets of the Taung Child with damage to the skulls of modern primates known to have been killed by eagles. --EOI-- This conclusion was reached by noting similarities in the damage to the skull and eye sockets of the Taung Child to the skulls of primates known to have been killed by modern eagles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The elevation of Cape Cod is from, at the top of Pine Hill, in the Bourne portion of the Massachusetts Military Reservation to sea level. The body of water located between Cape Cod and the mainland, bordered to the north by Massachusetts Bay, is Cape Cod Bay; west of Cape Cod is Buzzards Bay. --EOI-- Cape Cod (or simply the Cape) is an arm-shaped peninsula located in the eastern part of Massachusetts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chloroform was reported in 1831 by the French chemist EugÃ ne Soubeiran, who prepared it from acetone (2-propanone) as well as ethanol through the action of chlorine bleach powder (calcium hypochlorite). --EOI-- The first who reported to have produced Chloroform was the French chemist EugÃ ne Soubeiran, in 1831. Soubeiran took acetone and ethanol, and used bleach powder for the reaction. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chronic chloroform exposure can damage the liver (where chloroform is metabolized to phosgene) and to the kidneys, and some people develop sores when the skin is immersed in chloroform. --EOI-- Death from chloroform can come from cardiac arrest. When Chloroform is stored for a longer time period, it can decay into Phosgene. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Before regular communication had been established between the two hemispheres, the varieties of domesticated animals and infectious diseases, such as smallpox, were strikingly larger in the Old World than in the New, in part because many migrated west or were brought by traders from Asia, so diseases of two continents were suffered by all. --EOI-- Before there was regular communication between the two hemispheres, the different types of domesticated animals and diseases were much larger in the Old World than in the New. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Angina pectoris, commonly known as angina, is severe chest pain due to ischemia (a lack of blood, thus a lack of oxygen supply) of the heart muscle, generally due to obstruction or spasm of the coronary arteries (the heart's blood vessels). --EOI-- Angina pectoris (angina of the heart) is pain which is due to ischemia of the heart muscle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Atherosclerosis is the most common cause of stenosis (narrowing of the blood vessels) of the heart's arteries and, hence, angina pectoris. --EOI-- Angina pectoris (angina of the heart) is pain which is due to ischemia of the heart muscle. A common cause of angina pectoris is when the heart is working harder than normal e.g. during exercise. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Straightening irons, straighteners, or flat irons, not to be confused with clothing irons, work by breaking down the hair's hydrogen bonds found in the hair's cortex, which cause hair to bend and become curly. --EOI-- Hair straighteners work by breaking the hair's hydrogen bonds, which are what make the hair curly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, the pasteurization standards for cream differ from the standards for fluid milk, and the standards for pasteurizing cheese are designed to preserve the phosphatase enzyme, which aids in cutting. --EOI-- For example, the pasteurization rules for cream are different than the rules for fluid milk, and the standards for pasteurizing cheese are designed to keep the phosphatase enzyme fresh, which helps in making the cheese. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ((Image: German anti-smoking ad. jpeg thumb right 300px A Nazi anti-smoking ad titled "The chain-smoker " saying "He does not devour it (the cigarette), it devours him ")) After German doctors became the first to identify the link between smoking and lung cancer, Nazi Germany initiated a strong anti-tobacco movement and led the first public anti-smoking campaign in modern history. --EOI-- Nazi Germany started a strong anti-tobacco movement and led the first public anti-smoking campaign in modern history. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Apart from mentioning the increasing incidence of lung cancer and many of the causes behind it such as dust, exhaust gas from cars, tuberculosis, X-ray and pollutants emitted from factories, MÃ 1\/4 ller's paper pointed out that "the significance of tobacco smoke has been pushed more and more into the foreground ". --EOI-- Apart from mentioning the increasing incidents of lung cancer and many of the causes behind it such as dust, exhaust gas from cars, tuberculosis, X-ray and pollutants emitted from factories, MÃ 1\/4 ller's paper pointed out that "the significance of tobacco smoke has been pushed more and more into the foreground ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Werner Huttig of the Nazi Party's Rassenpolitisches Amt (Office of Racial Politics) said that a smoking mother's breast milk contained nicotine, a claim that modern research has proven correct. --EOI-- Werner Huttig of the Nazi Party's Rassenpolitisches Amt (Office of Racial Politics) claimed smoking mothers' breast milk contained nicotine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The link between lung cancer and tobacco was first proven in Nazi Germany, contrary to the popular belief that American and British scientists first discovered it in the 1950s. --EOI-- The link between lung cancer and tobacco was first proved in Nazi Germany, contrary to the popular belief that American and British scientists first discovered it in the 1950s. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Magnesium oxide, or magnesia, is a white solid mineral that occurs naturally as periclase and is a source of magnesium (see also oxide). --EOI-- Magnesium oxide, or magnesia, is a white solid mineral, made of one part magnesium and one part oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By at least the 1st century AD, the Chinese of the Eastern Han Dynasty were using water wheels to crush grain in mills and to power the piston-bellows in forging iron ore into cast iron. --EOI-- By at least the 1st century AD, the Chinese of the Eastern Han Dynasty began to use waterwheels to crush grain in mills and to power the piston-bellows in forging iron ore into cast iron. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Today, Santa Maria's position as a growth center in the eastern portion of Bulacan covering the most densely populated City of San Jose del Monte and the municipalities of Norzagaray, Marilao, Bocaue, Angat, Pandi, and Dona Remedios Trinidad (pop. --EOI-- Maria lies 32 kilometers northeast of Manila and is located at the eastern portion of Bulacan. The town is bounded on the north by the municipalities of Angat and Pandi, portion of San Jose del Monte City on the south; Norzagaray and other portions of San Jose del Monte on the east; and the municipality of Marilao and Bocaue on the western side. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The club's name springs from the German word FlÃ 1\/4 gel, meaning wing or wings ( "FlÃ 1\/4 gels " is an anglicised plural, where the original German word has only one form which can both represent singular and plural). --EOI-- Yokohama FlÃ 1\/4 gels is a former football club which has played in Japan. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the Oxygen revival, the contestant earned$ 200 for each stumped panelist, and stumping the entire panel earned a total of$ 1,000 for the challenger. --EOI-- On the Oxygen revival, the contestant earned$ 200, and if no one on the panel guessed, they earned a$ 1,000 prize. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The combined oral contraceptive pill (COCP), often referred to as the birth-control pill or simply "the Pill ", is a birth control method that includes a combination of an estrogen (estrogen) and a progestin (progestogen). --EOI-- The combined oral contraceptive pill (COCP) often shortened to birth-control pill or simply the Pill is a contraceptive for women. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The traditional medicinal herb St John's Wort has also been implicated due to its upregulation of the P450 system in the liver. --EOI-- The traditional medicinal herb St John's Wort has also been implicated due to its upregulation of the P450 system in the liver. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition cautions are given about broad spectrum antibiotics, such as ampicillin and doxycycline, which may cause problems "by impairing the bacterial flora responsible for recycling ethinylestradiol from the large bowel " (BNF 2003). --EOI-- Broad spectrum antibiotics, such as ampicillin and doxycycline, may cause problems "by impairing the bacterial flora responsible for recycling ethinylestradiol from the large bowel " (BNF 2003). --separator-- --simplificataion-- If started at any other time in the menstrual cycle, COCPs provide effective contraception only after 7 consecutive days use of active pills, so a backup method of contraception must be used until active pills have been taken for 7 consecutive days. --EOI-- During this time, other forms of contraception need to be used. When active pills have been taken for 7 days, COCPs can provide effective contaception. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The risk reduction increases with duration of use, with an 80% reduction in risk for both ovarian and endometrial cancer with use for more than 10 years. --EOI-- The risk reduction increases with duration of use. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The pill can also induce menstruation on a regular schedule for women bothered by irregular menstrual cycles and certain disorders where there is dysfunctional uterine bleeding. --EOI-- The pill can also induce menstruation on a regular schedule for women bothered by irregular menstrual cycles and certain disorders where there is dysfunctional uterine bleeding. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The urban beaches of MaceiÃ are PajuÃ ara, Sete Coqueiros, Ponta Verde and JatiÃ ca; they concentrate beach tents, restaurants and hotels. To the north, beaches are quieter, such as Cruz das Almas and Jacarecica, with good waves for surfing. --EOI-- MaceiÃ has several urban beaches which are visited by many tourists, for example, the beaches named PajuÃ ara, Ponta Verde, JatiÃ ca and Cruz das Almas, famous for their natural beauty. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In late 2007-- early 2008, after a scheduled break from touring for the their label to secure an overseas release of Cruel Melody, Black Light Burns released a cover album titled Cover Your Heart and the Anvil Pants Odyssey that also included remixes and b-sides from Cruel Melody, and a DVD containing live and behind the scenes footage of the band. --EOI-- Their debut album, Cruel Melody, was released on June 5, 2007. The band released a covers album+ DVD package in summer of 2008 titled Cover Your Heart and the Anvil Pants Odyssey, and is currently working on its second album. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tin combines directly with chlorine forming tin (IV) chloride, while reacting tin with hydrochloric acid in water gives tin (II) chloride and hydrogen gas. Several other compounds of tin exist in the+2 and+4 oxidation states, such as tin (II) sulfide and tin (IV) sulfide (Mosaic gold). --EOI-- Tin burns in air to make tin (IV) oxide, which is white. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The advantage of oral pseudoephedrine over topical nasal preparations, such as oxymetazoline, is that it does not cause rebound congestion (rhinitis medicamentosa). --EOI-- The advantage of oral pseudoephedrine over topical nasal preparations, such as oxymetazoline, is that it does not cause rebound congestion (rhinitis medicamentosa); however, it is more likely to cause adverse effects including high blood pressure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The salts pseudoephedrine hydrochloride and pseudoephedrine sulfate are found in many over-the-counter preparations either as a single ingredient or, more commonly, in combination with antihistamines, guaifenesin, dextromethorphan, paracetamol (acetaminophen), and\/or NSAIDs (e.g., aspirin, ibuprofen, etc.). --EOI-- The salts pseudoephedrine hydrochloride and pseudoephedrine sulfate are found in many over-the-counter drugs either as single-ingredient preparations, or more commonly in combination with antihistamines, paracetamol (acetaminophen) and\/or ibuprofen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This act shocked the religious conscience of Mesopotamia; the subsequent murder of Sennacherib by two of his sons was held to be in expiation of it, and his successor Esarhaddon hastened to rebuild the old city, to receive there his crown, and make it his residence during part of the year. --EOI-- This act shocked the religious conscience of Mesopotamia. After the murder of Sennacherib by two of his sons, his successor Esarhaddon hastened to rebuild the old city. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It most frequently originates in one of the adrenal glands, but can also develop in nerve tissues in the neck, chest, abdomen, or pelvis. --EOI-- Most of the time, it originates in one of the adrenal glands. It can also develop in nerve tissues in the neck, chest, abdomen, or pelvis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a neuroendocrine tumor, arising from any neural crest element of the sympathetic nervous system or SNS. --EOI-- The tumor can grow from any neural crest element of the sympathetic nervous system or SNS. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gruber falls backwards through a window, still hanging onto Holly by her watch, and attempts to drag her along with him, but McClane is able to unclasp Holly's watch in time and catch her while Gruber falls 32 stories to his death. --EOI-- Gruber falls out of the building, nearly taking Holly with him. McClane unties her watch and Gruber falls to his death. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The prediction process was designed so that Paul was presented with two boxes containing food in the form of a mussel, each box marked on the outside with the flag of a national football team in an upcoming match. --EOI-- During the divinations, Paul was shown two boxes with a mussel inside them, for food. Each box had, on the outside, a flag of a football team. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Zuko survives the attempt on his life with Iroh's help. He sneaks aboard Zhao's lead ship as his fleet departs for the Northern Water Tribe to capture the Avatar. --EOI-- But Zuko survives the attempt on his life and, with Iroh's help, sneaks aboard Zhao's lead ship as his fleet departs for the Northern Water Tribe to execute the plan he and Ozai set up with the scrolls from the Library detailing the spirits there. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Human T-lymphotropic virus Type I (HTLV-1) is a human RNA retrovirus that causes T-cell leukemia and T-cell lymphoma in adults and may also be involved in certain demyelinating diseases, including tropical spastic paraparesis. --EOI-- It is a kind of retrovirus. Human T-lymphotropic virus causes leukemia as well as other diseases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Acid rain is caused by emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides which react with the water molecules in the atmosphere to produce acids. --EOI-- Acid rain is caused by emissions of compounds of ammonium, carbon, nitrogen, and sulfur which react with the water molecules in the atmosphere to produce acids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dolomite is the name of a sedimentary carbonate rock and a mineral, both composed of calcium magnesium carbonate CaMg (CO3) 2 found in crystals. --EOI-- Dolomite is the name of a sedimentary carbonate rock and a mineral, both composed of calcium magnesium carbonate CaMg (CO3) 2 found in crystals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some common nicknames in the USA include "Snap, Crackle, Pop " "meth, " "ice, " "crystal, " "crystal meth, " "go, " "go fast, " "Okie coke, " and "tweak. " --EOI-- In its smokeable form, meth is known as "ice, " "crystal, " "crank, " or "glass ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oncology (from the Ancient Greek onkos (á 1\/2ÎÎÎÏ), meaning bulk, mass, or tumor, and the suffix- logy (-Î "ÎÎÎÎ), meaning "study of ") is a branch of medicine that deals with tumors (cancer). --EOI-- The term originates from the Greek onkos (ÎÎ 1\/2ÎÎÏ), meaning bulk, mass, or tumor; and the suffix- ology, meaning "study of. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Meringues are often flavored with vanilla and a small amount of almond or coconut extract. --EOI-- Meringues are often flavored with vanilla and a small amount of almond or coconut extract. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some meringue recipes call for adding a binding agent such as cream of tartar or the cornstarch found in confectioner's sugar. --EOI-- Some meringue recipes also ask for cream of tartar or cornstarch to hold it together. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Meringue can be used as the basis for various other desserts including angel food cake, pavlova, Baked Alaska, Queen of Puddings, Key lime pie, Eton mess and lemon meringue pie. --EOI-- Meringue is also used as a topping on other desserts, such as angel food cake, pavlova, and baked Alaska. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This was made possible by the evolution of locking knees and a different location of the foramen magnum (the hole in the skull where the spine enters). --EOI-- This was made possible by the evolution of locking knees and a different location of the foramen magnum (the hole in the skull where the spine enters). --separator-- --simplificataion-- These adapted traits are a very small component of the Homo sapiens genome, but include various characteristics such as skin color and nose form, in addition to internal characteristics such as the ability to breathe more efficiently at high altitudes. --EOI-- These adapted traits are a very small component of the Homo sapiens genome and include such outward "racial " characteristics as skin color and nose form in addition to internal characteristics such as the ability to breathe more efficiently in high altitudes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the early Pleistocene, 1.5â "1 Ma, in Africa, Asia, and Europe, some populations of Homo habilis are thought to have evolved larger brains and made more elaborate stone tools; these differences and others are sufficient for anthropologists to classify them as a new species, Homo erectus. --EOI-- In the Early Pleistocene, 1.5â "1 mya, in Africa, Asia, and Europe, presumably, some populations of Homo habilis evolved larger brains and made more elaborate stone tools; these differences and others are sufficient for anthropologists to classify them as a new species, H. erectus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A pure gas may be made up of individual atoms (e.g. a noble gas or atomic gas like neon), elemental molecules made from one type of atom (e.g. oxygen), or compound molecules made from a variety of atoms (e.g. carbon dioxide). --EOI-- Gases can be pure, where each molecule is made of individual atoms, elemental, where each molecule is made of more than one of the same atom bound together, or compounds where molecules are made of many types of atoms together. An example of a pure gas is Neon, an example of an elemental gas is Hydrogen and an example of a compound gas could be Carbon Dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A gland is an organ in an animal's body that synthesizes a substance for release such as hormones or breast milk, often into the bloodstream (endocrine gland) or into cavities inside the body or its outer surface (exocrine gland). --EOI-- In this case, the gland is called endocrine gland. If the substance is released to somewhere else, the gland is called exocrine gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hypertension (HTN) or high blood pressure is a cardiac chronic medical condition in which the systemic arterial blood pressure is elevated. --EOI-- Hypertension, also called High blood pressure, HTN, or HPN, is a disease where your blood pressure is always above average. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Commonly used prescription drugs include: ACE inhibitors, alpha blockers, angiotensin II receptor antagonists, beta blockers, calcium channel blockers, diuretics (e.g. hydrochlorothiazide), direct renin inhibitors. --EOI-- Commonly used drugs include beta blockers such as metoprolol, atenolol, labetalol, carvedilol, ACE inhibitors such as lisinopril, quinapril, fosinopril, captopril, enalapril, ramipril; angiotensin receptor blockers (ARBs) such as losartan, valsartan, irbesartan; calcium channel blockers such as amlodipine, verapamil; diuretics, such as chlortalidone, hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ), combination products (usually contains HCTZ and another drug), and alpha blockers such as terazosin and prazosin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When bacteriophages (viruses that infect bacteria) infect a bacterial cell, their normal mode of reproduction is to harness the replicational, transcriptional, and translation machinery of the host bacterial cell to make numerous virions, or complete viral particles, including the viral DNA or RNA and the protein coat. --EOI-- When bacteriophages infect a bacterial cell, their normal mode of reproduction is to harness the replicational, transcriptional, and translation machinery of the host bacterial cell to make numerous complete viral particles, including the viral DNA or RNA and the protein coat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They usually occur in pairs or tetrads, and divide along two planes of symmetry, as do the other lactic acid cocci genera Aerococci and Tetragenococcus. --EOI-- They usually occur in pairs or tetrads, and divide along two planes of symmetry, as do the other lactic acid cocci genera. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It often involves humorous or bizarre characters and situations and also includes an assortment of supernatural beings, such as bodhisattva, kami (gods and revered spirits), yÅ kai (monster-spirits) (such as oni, kappa, and tengu), yÅ "rei (ghosts), dragons, and animals with supernatural powers such as the kitsune (fox), tanuki (raccoon dog), mujina (badger), bakeneko (transforming cat), and baku (tapir), as well as sacred objects and possessed objects. --EOI-- It usually includes humorous or strange characters and situations. It also includes many supernatural creatures, such as kami (gods and revered spirits), yÅ kai (monster-spirits) (like oni, kappa, and tengu), onryÅ (ghosts), dragons, and animals with supernatural powers like the kitsune (fox), tanuki (raccoon dog), mujina (badger), and bakeneko (transforming cat). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The invention of wind powered pumping engines in the 15th century permitted drainage of some of the marginal land, but the final drainage of the lake had to await the design of large, steam powered pumps and agreements between regional authorities. --EOI-- The invention of wind powered pumping engines in the 15th century permitted drainage of some of the marginal land, but the final drainage of the lake had to await the design of large, steam powered pumps and agreements between regional authorities. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It remained weak due to its fast westward motion and Saharan Air Layer around the circulation. --EOI-- It remained weak due to its fast westward motion and Saharan Air Layer around the circulation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In ancient Roman times, this name was applied to several types of stone that would create sparks when struck against steel; Pliny the Elder described one of them as being brassy, almost certainly a reference to what we now call pyrite. --EOI-- In ancient Roman times, this name was applied to several types of stone that would create sparks when struck against steel; Pliny the Elder described one of them as being brassy, almost certainly a reference to what we now call pyrite. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The shanks of the legs were gray other than the long hind wing feathers, and the feet and toes were black. --EOI-- The shanks of the legs were gray other than the long hind wing feathers, and the feet and toes were black. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The coverts (shorter feathers covering the bases of the long wing feathers) were gray, contrasting the mainly white main wings. --EOI-- The coverts (shorter feathers covering the bases of the long wing feathers) were gray, contrasting the mainly white main wings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Long downy feathers covered almost the entire head and neck, torso, upper legs, and the first half of the tail. --EOI-- Long downy feathers covered almost the entire head and neck, torso, upper legs, and the first half of the tail. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also like other troodontids, Anchiornis had very long legs, usually an indication that it was a strong runner (however, the extensive leg feathers indicate that this may be a vestigial trait, as running animals tend to have reduced, not increased, hair or feathers on their legs). --EOI-- Also, Anchiornis had long legs, usually an indication of a strong runner. However, the extensive leg feathers indicate that long legs may be an vestigial trait, because running animals tend to have reduced, not increased, hair or feathers on their legs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The hind wings of Anchiornis were also shorter than those of Microraptor, and were made up of 12â "13 flight feathers anchored to the tibia (lower leg) and 10â "11 to the metatarsus (upper foot). --EOI-- The hind wings of Anchiornis were also shorter than those of Microraptor, and were made up of 12â "13 flight feathers anchored to the tibia (lower leg) and 10â "11 to the metatarsus (upper foot). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2010, a team of scientists examined numerous points among the feathers of an extremely well-preserved Anchiornis specimen to survey the distribution of melanosomes, the pigment cells that give feathers their color. --EOI-- In 2010, a team examined numerous points among the feathers of an extremely well-preserved Anchiornis specimen to survey the distribution of melanosomes, the pigment cells that give feathers their color. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, while long legs normally indicate a fast runner, the legs and even feet and toes of Anchiornis were covered in feathers, including long flight feathers similar to those in the hind wings of Microraptor, making it unlikely that Anchiornis was a capable ground runner. --EOI-- However, the legs and even feet and toes of Anchiornis were covered in feathers, making it unlikely that Anchiornis was a capable ground runner. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also unlike Microraptor, the hind wing feathers were longest closer to the body, with the foot feathers being short and directed downward, almost perpendicular to the foot bones. --EOI-- Also unlike Microraptor, the hind wing feathers were longest closer to the body, with the foot feathers being short and directed downward, almost perpendicular to the foot bones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Unlike any other known Mesozoic dinosaur, the feet of Anchiornis (except for the claws) were completely covered in feathers (much shorter than the ones making up the hind wing). --EOI-- Unlike any other known Mesozoic dinosaur, the feet of Anchiornis (except for the claws) were completely covered in feathers (much shorter than the ones making up the hind wing). --separator-- --simplificataion-- As in other early paravians such as Microraptor, Anchiornis had large wings, made up of pennaceous flight feathers attached to the arm and hand (as in modern birds) as well as flight feathers on the hind legs, forming an arrangement of fore and hind wings. --EOI-- As in other early birds, such as Microraptor, Anchiornis had large wings, made up of flight feathers attached to the arm and hand (as in modern birds) as well as flight feathers on the hind legs, forming an arrangement of fore and hind wings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because the clientâ "server design allows for a centralized Mibbit client server, Mibbit is able to offer extended functionality which is not present in the standard IRC protocol. Some of these extensions include a channel chat buffer that can be shown to Mibbit clients when they join a channel where another Mibbit user is already present, a notification for other Mibbit users that you are typing a message to them, and distinctive icons that allow identification of the device used with Mibbit such as an iPhone, iPod Touch, Wii, etc. --EOI-- Mibbit is an online IRC client that is free of charge. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Kissing can result in the transmission of diseases, including mononucleosis, allergic reactions to nuts and drugs, and herpes, when the infectious virus is present in saliva. --EOI-- Diseases that are spread through saliva can be spread through kissing. This includes diseases like Herpes and mononucleosis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In digital imaging, a pixel, or pel, (picture element) is a single point in a raster image, or the smallest addressable screen element in a display device; it is the smallest unit of picture that can be represented or controlled. --EOI-- A pixel (short for picture element) is a single point in a picture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tin (II) sulfide is a brown solid, insoluble in water, but soluble in concentrated hydrochloric acid. Tin (II) sulfide is insoluble in (NH4) 2S. --EOI-- Tin (II) sulfide is a dark brown solid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- From opium and poppy straw are extracted alkaloids such as morphine, thebaine, codeine and oripavine. --EOI-- Opium and poppy seeds can be taken from them. A great number of opiates, for example, morphine, thebaine, codeine, papaverine, and noscapine, are made from opium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Opium is the source of many opiates, including morphine, thebaine, codeine, papaverine, and noscapine. --EOI-- A great number of opiates, for example, morphine, thebaine, codeine, papaverine, and noscapine, are made from opium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Latin botanical name means the "sleep-bringing poppy ", referring to the sedative properties of some of these opiates. --EOI-- The Latin name means the "sleep-bringing poppy, white form ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sunscreen, also commonly known as sun block, sun lotion or sun cream, is a lotion, spray, gel or other topical product that absorbs or reflects some of the sun's ultraviolet (UV) radiation on the skin exposed to sunlight and thus helps protect against sunburn. Skin lightening products have sunscreen to protect lightened skin because light skin is more susceptible to sun damage than darker skin. --EOI-- Sunscreen (also known as sunblock, suntan lotion) is a lotion, spray or other topical product that helps protect the skin from the sun's ultraviolet (UV) radiation, and which reduces sunburn and other skin damage, with the goal lowering your risk of skin cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As it approached, it sucked the water out of the bay, causing the Manatee River to be so low you could walk a horse across it. --EOI-- As it approached, it sucked the water out of the bay, causing the Manatee River to be so low you could walk a horse across it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The San Jose Earthquakes professional soccer team is located in the San Jose, California suburb of Santa Clara, and participates in Major League Soccer (MLS), the top level soccer league in the United States and Canada. --EOI-- The San Jose Earthquakes are an American soccer team that plays in Major League Soccer in San Jose, California. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, their coats are endowed with unusually stiff guard hairs that function similarly to the spines of a hedgehog; this trait is the source of the common name, spiny mouse. --EOI-- Their coats have unusually stiff guard hairs that work the same way as the spines of a hedgehog. These stiff hairs are why they are called the spiny mouse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Jean-Antoine Watteau (; October 10, 1684â "July 18, 1721) was a French painter whose brief career spurred the revival of interest in color and movement (in the tradition of Correggio and Rubens), and revitalized the waning Baroque idiom, which eventually became known as Rococo. --EOI-- Jean-Antoine Watteau (October 10, 1684â "July 18, 1721) was a French painter whose brief career spurred the revival of interest in color and movement (in the tradition of Correggio and Rubens), and brought back the almost forgotten Baroque idiom, which, in time became known as Rococo. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The kidneys also function as a part of the endocrine system producing erythropoietin and calcitriol. --EOI-- However the kidneys are also part of the endocrine system and make erythropoietin ans calcitriol. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dialysis may be used for those with an acute disturbance in kidney function (acute kidney injury, previously acute renal failure) or for those with progressive but chronically worsening kidney functionâ "a state known as chronic kidney disease stage 5 (previously chronic renal failure or end-stage kidney disease). --EOI-- Dialysis is where a machine is used to replace a kidney after kidney failure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When healthy, the kidneys maintain the body's internal equilibrium of water and minerals (sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, sulfate). --EOI-- These minerals include sodium, potassium, chloride, calcium, phosphorous, magnesium and sulfate. The kidneys also take out hydrogen ions from the blood. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In medicine, dialysis (from Greek "dialusis ", meaning dissolution, "dia ", meaning through, and "lysis ", meaning loosening) is primarily used to provide an artificial replacement for lost kidney function in people with renal failure. --EOI-- The word dialysis comes from the Greek word dialusis, dia meaning through, and lusis meaning loosening. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most of the lyrics are sung by Waters; lead guitarist David Gilmour provides vocals on only one of the album's tracks. --EOI-- Meanwhile, David Gilmour sings lead vocals on only one of the album's twelve songs, the rest being sung entirely by Waters. --separator-- --simplificataion-- , a reference to the body tremors that are a classic symptom of the disease; it is also known among the Fore as the laughing sickness due to the pathologic bursts of laughter people would display when afflicted with the disease. --EOI-- The Kuru disease is also known as the laughing sickness due to the pathologic bursts of laughter that the patient displays. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Iron (II) hydroxide has also been investigated as an agent for the removal of toxic selenate and selenite ions from water systems such as wetlands. --EOI-- Some wetlands have toxic selenite and selenate ions in them. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Key lime pie is an American dessert made of key lime juice, egg yolks, and sweetened condensed milk in a pie crust. --EOI-- Key lime pie is an American dessert made of key lime juice, egg yolks, and sweetened condensed milk in a pie crust. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a material stained glass is glass that has been colored by adding metallic salts during its manufacture. The colored glass is crafted into stained glass windows in which small pieces of glass are arranged to form patterns or pictures, held together (traditionally) by strips of lead and supported by a rigid frame. --EOI-- Stained Glass is a type of glass, which is colored using metals or paint. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both the Hay and Nicolay copies of the Address are within the Library of Congress, encased in specially designed, temperature-controlled, sealed containers with argon gas in order to protect the documents from oxidation and continued deterioration. --EOI-- Both the Hay and Nicolay copies of the Address are inside the Library of Congress. They are inside specially designed, temperature-controlled, sealed containers with argon gas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pericles' speech, like Lincoln's, begins with an acknowledgment of revered predecessors: "I shall begin with our ancestors: it is both just and proper that they should have the honor of the first mention on an occasion like the present "; then praises the uniqueness of the State's commitment to democracy: "If we look to the laws, they afford equal justice to all in their private differences "; honors the sacrifice of the slain, "Thus choosing to die resisting, rather than to live submitting, they fled only from dishonor, but met danger face to face "; and exhorts the living to continue the struggle: "You, their survivors, must determine to have as unfaltering a resolution in the field, though you may pray that it may have a happier issue. " --EOI-- He honors the dead's sacrifice: "Thus choosing to die resisting, rather than to live submitting, they fled only from dishonor, but met danger face to face ". He also warmly encourages the living to continue to fight for true democracy: "You, their survivors, must determine to have as unfaltering a resolution in the field, though you may pray that it may have a happier issue ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lactose intolerance or a milk allergy can prompt the use of milk substitutes; they are also consumed by vegans. --EOI-- People with a lactose intolerance or a milk allergy often replace milk by a substitute. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Metarterioles provide direct communication between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the bloodflow through the capillaries. --EOI-- Special arteries connect between arterioles and venules and are important in bypassing the flow of blood through the capillaries. True capillaries come from mainly from metarterioles and provide movement between cells and the circulation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Capillaries are the smallest of a body's blood vessels and are parts of the microcirculation. --EOI-- Capillaries are small, and smaller than any other blood vessels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These microvessels, measuring 5-10Î 1\/4 m in diameter, connect arterioles and venules, and enable the exchange of water, oxygen, carbon dioxide, and many other nutrient and waste chemical substances between blood and surrounding tissues. --EOI-- They are about 5-10Î 1\/4 ms big, which connect arterioles and venules, and enable the moving of water, oxygen, carbon dioxide, and many other nutrient and waste chemical between blood and surrounding tissues. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After the tissue has been perfused, capillaries join and widen to become venules and then widen more to become veins, which return blood to the heart. --EOI-- After oxygen has been moved to the tissue, capillaries join and widen to become small veins and then widen more to become veins, which return blood to the heart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Precapillary sphincters are rings of smooth muscles at the origin of true capillaries that regulate blood flow into true capillaries and thus control blood flow through a tissue. --EOI-- Precapillary muscles are rings of smooth muscles at the start of true capillaries that handle blood flow into true capillaries and control blood flow through a body part or area. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Blood flows from the heart to the arteries, which branch and narrow into the arterioles, and then branch further still into the capillaries. --EOI-- Blood moves from the heart to arteries, which branch and narrow into smaller arteries, and then branch more into capillaries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These offspring have under developed posterior limbs (the pes can be webbed), and following birth they migrate to the marsupium where they attach to a nipple. --EOI-- These offspring have underdeveloped rear limbs, and after birth they migrate to the marsupium where they attach to a nipple. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The mouth of newly born metatherians is fused laterally, but open medially; this forms an "O " shaped mouth in which the mothers nipple fits, then swells to secure the offspring into place for further development and growth. --EOI-- The mouth of newly born metatherians forms an "O " shape into which the mother's nipple fits. Then it swells to secure the offspring into place. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As Angle returned to the ring, he applied another ankle lock on Guerrero that would end up being unsuccessful with Guerrero escaping the hold by pushing Angle off with his other foot leaving Angle holding the Guerrero's loosened ring boot. --EOI-- As Angle returned to the ring, he applied another Ankle lock on Guerrero that would end up being unsuccessful with Guerrero escaping the hold by pushing Angle off with his other foot leaving Angle holding the Guerrero's loosened ring boot. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The next match was a Fatal Four-Way tag match between the teams of Rob Van Dam and Booker T, Garrison Cade and Mark Jindrak, The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von) and La RÃ sistance (RenÃ DuprÃ e and Rob Conway) for the World Tag Team Championship, held by Van Dam and Booker T. The match saw quick action between all four teams, and ended when Conway was pinned by Van Dam after Booker T used his signature Scissor kick on him, which was then followed by Van Dam's signature dive from the top rope, the Five-Star Frog Splash, leading to the two retaining their title. --EOI-- The next match was a Fatal Four-Way tag match between Rob Van Dam and Booker T, Garrison Cade and Mark Jindrak, The Dudley Boyz (Bubba Ray and D-Von) and La RÃ sistance (RenÃ DuprÃ e and Rob Conway) for the World Tag Team Championship. The match ended when Conway was pinned by Van Dam after Booker T used his Scissor kick maneuver on Conway. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Percy soon learns that Luke had used the entrance and will lead his army through the Labyrinth straight in to the heart of camp. --EOI-- Percy soon learns that Luke had used the entrance and will lead his army through the Labyrinth straight in to the heart of camp. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band achieved their greatest success with their 1994 album Stranger Than Fiction, which peaked at number 87 on the Billboard 200, and spawned their well-known hit singles "21st Century (Digital Boy) " and "Infected ". That album also became the only Bad Religion album to obtain gold status in the US. --EOI-- Their next album, Stranger Than Fiction, had the band's well-known hits "21st Century (Digital Boy) " and "Infected ", did well and was the only Bad Religion album to get gold status in the US. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In these situations, conflict resolvers often talk about finding the win-win solution, or mutually satisfying scenario, for everyone involved (see Fisher and Ury (1981), Getting to Yes). --EOI-- In these situations, conflict resolvers often talk about finding the win-win solution, or mutually satisfying scenario, for everyone involved (see Fisher and Ury (1981), Getting to Yes). --separator-- --simplificataion-- While at Caltech DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck became acquainted with bacteria and their viruses (bacteriophage or` phage'). --EOI-- While at Caltech DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck became acquainted with bacteria and their viruses (bacteriophage or` phage'). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1942, he and Salvador Luria of Indiana University demonstrated that bacterial resistance to virus infection is caused by random mutation and not adaptive change. --EOI-- In 1942, he and Salvador Luria of Indiana University demonstrated that bacterial resistance to virus infection is caused by random mutation and not adaptive change. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the lower chambers are filled and the valves to the atria are closed, they then contract in the second more important time phase, sending blood out of the heart to the body from the left ventricle and to the lungs from the right ventricle as seen in the diagram to the right. --EOI-- Blood is pumped out of the heart to the body from the left ventricle and to the lungs from the right ventricle as seen in the diagram to the right. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A neurotoxin is a toxin that acts specifically on nerve cells (neurons), usually by interacting with membrane proteins such as ion channels. --EOI-- A neurotoxin is a toxin that acts specifically on nerve cellsâ "neuronsâ "usually by interacting with membrane proteins and ion channels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many of the venoms and other toxins that organisms use in defense against predators are neurotoxins. --EOI-- Many of the venoms and other toxins that organisms use in defense against vertebrates are neurotoxins. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Flemming investigated the process of cell division and the distribution of chromosomes to the daughter nuclei, a process he called mitosis from the Greek word for thread. --EOI-- Flemming investigated the process of cell division and the distribution of chromosomes to the daughter nuclei, a process he called mitosis from the Greek word for thread. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The labeled ingredients in the classic variety of Spam are chopped pork shoulder meat with ham meat added, salt, water, modified potato starch as a binder, and sodium nitrite as a preservative. --EOI-- It is made from pork shoulder meat and ham. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The transformation of an analog signal to digital information via an analog-to-digital converter is called sampling. --EOI-- The transformation of an Analog signal to Digital information by a Analog-to-digital converter is called sampling. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chrome will typically allocate each tab to fit into its own process to "prevent malware from installing itself " and prevent what happens in one tab from affecting what happens in another; however, the actual process-allocation model is more complex. --EOI-- ; Sandboxing Each tab in Chrome is sandboxed to "prevent malware from installing itself " or "using what happens in one tab to affect what happens in another ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Sandbox Team is said to have "taken this existing process boundary and made it into a jail "; for example, malicious software running in one tab is supposed to be unable to sniff credit card numbers entered in another tab, interact with mouse inputs, or tell Windows to "run an executable on start-up " and it will be terminated when the tab is closed. --EOI-- The Sandbox Team is said to have "taken this existing process boundary and made it into a jail "; for example malicious software running in one tab is unable to sniff credit card numbers, interact with the mouse or tell "Windows to run an executable on start-up " and will be terminated when the tab is closed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The dates derived suggest the main mechanism for extinction was human burning of a landscape that was then much less fire-adapted; analysis of oxygen and carbon isotopes from teeth of megafauna indicate sudden, drastic, non-climate-related changes in vegetation and the diet of surviving marsupial species, as well as the loss of megafaunal species. --EOI-- Scientists have studied oxygen and carbon isotopes from teeth of megafauna. These show sudden, drastic, non-climate-related changes in plants, and in the diet of surviving marsupial animals, as well as the loss of megafaunal species. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One of the most significant error sources is the GPS receiver's clock. Because of the very large value of the speed of light, c, the estimated distances from the GPS receiver to the satellites, the pseudoranges, are very sensitive to errors in the GPS receiver clock; for example an error of one microsecond (0.000 001 second) corresponds to an error of 300 m. This suggests that an extremely accurate and expensive clock is required for the GPS receiver to work. --EOI-- A GPS receiver can calculate its position many times in one second. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Neptune and Uranus are often considered a sub-class of gas giant termed "ice giants ", due to their smaller size and higher concentrations of volatiles relative to Jupiter and Saturn. --EOI-- Neptune and Uranus are often considered to be part of a sub-class of gas giant known as "ice giants ", given their smaller size and big differences in composition compared to Jupiter and Saturn. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, on 16 April 2007, Knut was removed from display due to teething pains resulting from the growth of his right upper canine tooth, but initial reports vaguely stated that he was suffering from an unknown illness and subsequently put on antibiotics. --EOI-- For example, on 16 April 2007, Knut took a break from his display because of teething pains, but reports said that he might have an unknown sickness. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Knut's diet began with a bottle of baby formula mixed with cod liver oil every two hours, before graduating at the age of four months to a milk porridge mixed with cat food and vitamins. --EOI-- Knut's food began with a bottle of baby milk mixed with cod liver oil every two hours. At four months old, he could eat milk porridge mixed with cat food and vitamins. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Synesthesia is also sometimes reported by individuals under the influence of psychedelic drugs, after a stroke, during a temporal lobe epilepsy seizure, or as a result of blindness or deafness. --EOI-- Synesthesia is sometimes reported by people using psychedelic drugs, after a stroke, or during an epileptic seizure. It is also reported to be a result of blindness or deafness. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Photorespiration can occur when carbon dioxide levels are low, for example, when the stomata are closed to prevent water loss during drought. In most plants, photorespiration increases as temperature increases. --EOI-- Photorespiration is when plants accidentally use oxygen instead of carbon dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bacterial microcompartments are widespread bacterial organelles that are made of a protein shell that surrounds and encloses various enzymes. --EOI-- Bacterial microcompartments are structures inside bacteria. They are made of a protein shell which surrounds and encloses various enzymes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The white pulp of the cupuaÃ u is uniquely fragrant (described as a mix of chocolate and pineapple), and it contains theacrine (1,3,7,9-tetramethyluric acid) instead of the xanthines (caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline) found in cacao. --EOI-- The white pulp of the cupuaÃ u is uniquely fragrant. It contains theacrine (1,3,7,9-tetramethyluric acid) instead of the xanthines (caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline) found in cacao. --separator-- --simplificataion-- I. A minor hurricane that struck Cuba continued onward to Charleston, South Carolina on September 10, causing many deaths, tornadoes, and crop damage as it moved across the state. --EOI-- I. A minor hurricane that impacted Cuba continued onward to Charleston, South Carolina on September 10, causing many deaths, tornadoes, and crop damage as it moved across the state. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At many universities, control engineering courses are taught in Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Mechatronics Engineering, Mechanical engineering, and Aerospace engineering; in others it is connected to computer science, as most control techniques today are implemented through computers, often as Embedded systems (as in the automotive field). The field of control within chemical engineering is often known as process control. --EOI-- And as engineering is developing, control engineering is often desired. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Highly mobile and migratory, this shark is most often found over the edge of the continental shelf down to a depth of 50 m. The silky shark has a slender, streamlined body and typically grows to a length of 2.5 m. It can be distinguished from other large requiem sharks by its relatively small first dorsal fin with a curving rear margin, its tiny second dorsal fin with a long free rear tip, and its long, sickle-shaped pectoral fins. --EOI-- The silky shark has a slim, flat body and naturally grows to a length of 2.5 m (8 ft 2 in). It can be distinguished from other large sharks by the rather small first back fin with a twist back edge, the tiny second back fin with a long free rear tip. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Basidiomycota is one of two large phyla that, together with the Ascomycota, comprise the subkingdom Dikarya (often referred to as the "higher fungi ") within the Kingdom Fungi. More specifically the Basidiomycota include mushrooms, puffballs, stinkhorns, bracket fungi, other polypores, jelly fungi, boletes, chanterelles, earth stars, smuts, bunts, rusts, mirror yeasts, and the human pathogenic yeast Cryptococcus. --EOI-- Basidiomycota is one of two large phyla that, together with the Ascomycota, comprise the subkingdom Dikarya (often referred to as the "Higher Fungi ") within the Kingdom Fungi, that includes jelly and shelf, or bracket, mushrooms, puffballs, and stinkhorns; and the rusts and smuts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist Alexander Gaskarth, lead guitarist and backing vocalist Jack Barakat, bassist and back vocalist Zachary Merrick, and drummer Rian Dawson. --EOI-- The band's lead singer and guitarist is Alex Gaskarth. The other band members are guitarist Jack Barakat, bassist Zack Merrick, and drummer Rian Dawson. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Up to the 5th century BC, the head was depicted as particularly ugly, with a protruding tongue, boar tusks, puffy cheeks, her eyeballs staring fixedly on the viewer and the snakes twisting all around her. --EOI-- Up to the 5th century BC, the head was shown as being very ugly, with her tongue sticking out, boar tusks, puffy cheeks, her eyeballs staring straight ahead and the snakes twisting all around her. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tincture of iodine is a disinfectant, usually 2-7% elemental iodine, along with potassium iodide or sodium iodide, dissolved in a mixture of ethanol and water. --EOI-- Tincture of iodine is a disinfectant. It has iodine and potassium iodide dissolved in ethanol and water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- USP Strong Iodine Tincture is defined in the NF as containing in each 100 mL, 6.8 to 7.5 gram of iodine, and 4.7 to 5.5 gram of potassium iodide. Purified water is 50 mL and the balance is alcohol. --EOI-- USP Strong Iodine Tincture: for every 100 mL, it has 6.8 to 7.5 grams of iodine, 4.7 to 5.5 grams of potassium iodide, and 50 mL ethanol. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Radioactive Iodine-131 is used in patients with papillary or follicular thyroid cancer for ablation of residual thyroid tissue after surgery and for the treatment of thyroid cancer. --EOI-- Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The follicular and papillary types together can be classified as "differentiated thyroid cancer ". --EOI-- Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland. There are four forms: papillary, follicular, medullary and anaplastic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A formula for soap consisting of water, alkali, and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2200 BC. --EOI-- A recipe for soap having water, alkali and cassia oil was written on a Babylonian clay tablet around 2200 BC. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although B major is usually thought of as a remote key (due to its distance from C major in the circle of fifths and its fairly large number of sharps), FrÃ dÃ ric Chopin regarded its scale as the easiest of all to play, as its black notes fit the natural positions of the fingers well; as a consequence he often assigned it first to beginning piano students, leaving the scale of C major till last because he considered it the hardest of all scales to play completely evenly (because of its complete lack of black notes). --EOI-- Although B major is usually thought of as a "far away " key because it has many sharps and is quite far from C major in the circle of fifths, FrÃ dÃ ric Chopin thought that it was the easiest scale of all to play, as its black notes fit the natural positions of the fingers well. Because of this, it was often the first scale he taught to beginning piano students, leaving the scale of C major till last because he thought it was the hardest to play. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The seemingly rapid appearance of fossils in theâ Primordial Strataâ was noted as early as the mid 19th century, and Charles Darwin saw it as one of the main objections that could be made against his theory of evolution by natural selection. --EOI-- The seemingly rapid appearance of fossils in the` primordial strata' was noted as early as the mid 19th century, and Charles Darwin saw it as one of the main objections that could be made against his theory of evolution by natural selection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since even small amounts of lead have been found detrimental to health, lead in plumbing solder was replaced by silver (food grade applications) or antimony, with copper often added, and the proportion of tin was increased (see Lead-free solder.) --EOI-- There are two main types of soft solder; lead solder and lead-free solder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The music video to the song was filmed in the relatively brief period when bassist Paul "Guigsy " McGuigan quit the band due to nervous exhaustion; Scott McLeod came in to replace him. --EOI-- The music video to the song was filmed in the short period when bassist Paul "Guigsy " McGuigan quit the band due to nervous exhaustion; Scott McLeod came in to replace him. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1662, at the age of 39, Koxinga died of malaria, although speculations said that he died in a sudden fit of madness upon hearing that his father was executed by the Qing government in Beijing. --EOI-- In 1662, at the age of 39, Koxinga died of malaria. Some people said that he died in a sudden fit of craziness when he heard about the death of his father under the Qing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is generally accepted that Clovis people hunted mammoth as Clovis points have repeatedly been found in sites containing mammoth remains. Mammoth was only a small part of the Clovis diet; extinct bison, mastodon, sloths, tapir, palaeolama, horse (the association of Clovis with horse remains is in dispute as no actual Clovis artifacts have been found in direct association with fossil horse remains) and a host of smaller animals have also been found in Clovis sites where they were killed and eaten. --EOI-- They are called "Clovis culture " because archaeologists first found their artifacts at Clovis, New Mexico. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is abundant evidence of major volcanic eruptions 4 billion years ago, which would have released carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide (H2S), and sulfur dioxide (SO2) into the atmosphere. --EOI-- There is abundant evidence of major volcanic eruptions 4 billion years ago, which would have released carbon dioxide, nitrogen, hydrogen sulfide (H2S), and sulfur dioxide (SO2) into the atmosphere. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dressed like Robin Hood, Green Arrow is an archer who invents trick arrows with various special functions, such as glue arrows, net arrows, explosive arrows, time bomb arrows, grappling arrows, fire extinguishing arrows, flash arrows, tear gas arrows, cryonic arrows, boxing-glove arrows, and even a kryptonite arrow. --EOI-- Example trick arrows include: glue arrows, net arrows, explosive arrows, grappling arrows, and boxing-glove arrows. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Give It All " is a song by American punk rock band Rise Against, the song is released as the first single from their third album, Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --EOI--  "Give It All " is a song by the punk band Rise Against. It was released as a single from the album, Siren Song of the Counter Culture, in 2004. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the third type of lepton, the tau, was discovered in 1975 at the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, it too was expected to have an associated neutrino (the tau neutrino). First evidence for this third neutrino type came from the observation of missing energy and momentum in tau decays analogous to the beta decay leading to the discovery of the neutrino. --EOI-- The three types of neutrinos change into each other over time, so an electron neutrino could turn into a tau neutrino and then back again. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Strychnine causes muscular convulsions and eventually death through asphyxia or sheer exhaustion. --EOI-- Strychnine causes muscular convulsions. It leads to death through asphyxia or exhaustion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Due to this growth, in 2005, Schoep's opened a$ 7 million, 46000 s distribution center on Manufacturers Drive, near the Dane County Regional Airport. --EOI-- Due to this growth, in 2005, Schoep's opened a$ 7 million, 46,000-square-foot distribution center on Manufacturers Drive, near the Dane County Regional Airport. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Before the 18th century, San Juan Creek and its tributary, Trabuco Creek, had indigenous names, but these are thus far unknown. --EOI-- Its biggest tributary, Trabuco Creek or Arroyo Trabuco, is about 21 m long, flowing south from the Santa Ana Mountains into San Juan Creek. Oso Creek is a smaller tributary to Trabuco Creek, but has a lot of water in it the entire year. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Not to be confused with the parathyroid glands In vertebrate anatomy, the thyroid gland or simply, the thyroid (ËÎ aÉ rÉ "É d...), is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body. --EOI-- The thyroid is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Probably the most detailed and precise of the various notions of` unconscious mind'â " and the one which most people will immediately think of upon hearing the termâ " is that developed by Sigmund Freud and his followers. It lies at the heart of psychoanalysis. --EOI-- The unconscious mind plays a large role in Sigmund Freud's psychoanalysis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Robert gave particular attention to solid foundations, running a continuous wall of layered bricks, flints and mortar below and pushing the foundations down to twelve feet to hit bedrock. --EOI-- the Norman Robert the Mason gave particular attention to solid foundations, running a continuous wall of layered bricks, flints and mortar below and pushing the foundations down to twelve feet to hit bedrock. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Brassica oleracea, or wild cabbage, is a species of Brassica native to coastal southern and western Europe, where its tolerance of salt and lime and its intolerance of competition from other plants typically restrict its natural occurrence to limestone sea cliffs, like the chalk cliffs on both sides of the English Channel. --EOI-- Its tolerance of salt and lime, and its dislike of competition from other plants, restrict it to limestone sea cliffs, like the chalk cliffs on both sides of the English Channel. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As pocket lint is an amalgamation of the contents of the pockets, pocket lint can be helpful when determining if drugs have been previously stored in the pockets, by testing it with various drug tests. In a survival situation, pocket lint can be used as kindling for starting a fire. --EOI-- Pocket lint is lint found in the bottom of pockets. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cardiologists should not be confused with cardiac surgeons, cardiothoracic and cardiovascular, who are surgeons who perform cardiac surgery via sternotomyâ " open operative procedures on the heart and great vessels. --EOI-- Cardiologists are different from cardiac surgeons who do cardiac surgery. --separator-- --simplificataion-- All multicellular organisms produce hormones; plant hormones are also called phytohormones. --EOI-- Hormones are chemicals that are used for messaging in multicellular organisms. Every multicellular organism produces hormones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its wings feature an orange and black pattern, and over most of its range it is a MÃ 1\/4 llerian mimic with the Monarch butterfly (Danaus plexippus). --EOI-- The orange Viceroys mimic the Monarch (Danaus plexippus). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Personality disorders are noted on Axis II of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders or DSM-IV-TR (fourth edition, text revision) of the American Psychiatric Association. --EOI-- In the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, a book about mental illness, there are ten personality disorders in three "clusters " or groups. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because drivers (for printers, scanners, tablets, etc.) written for the older Mac OS are not compatible with Mac OS X, and due to the lack of Mac OS X support for older Apple machines, a significant number of Macintosh users have still continued using the older classic Mac OS. --EOI-- The Macintosh Operating System (Mac OS) is a program that allows a Macintosh computer to operate and be used by humans. Mac OS was first made by Apple Inc. in 1984. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Traditional viral culture has been generally superseded by shell vial culture, in which the sample is centrifuged onto a single layer of cells and viral growth is measured by antigen detection methods. --EOI-- The older way of viral culture has been replaced by shell vial culture, in which the sample is spun onto a single layer of cells and viral growth is measured by antigen detection ways. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are three genera of influenza virus: Influenzavirus A, Influenzavirus B and Influenzavirus C. Each genus includes only one species, or type: Influenza A virus, Influenza B virus, and Influenza C virus, respectively. --EOI-- There are three genera of influenza virus: Influenzavirus A, Influenzavirus B and Influenzavirus C. Each genus includes only one species, or type: Influenza A virus, Influenza B virus, and Influenza C virus, respectively. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The influenza C virus infects humans and pigs, and can cause severe illness and local epidemics. --EOI-- The influenza C virus infects humans and pigs, and can cause severe illness and local epidemics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Influenza B virus is almost exclusively a human pathogen, and is less common than influenza A. The only other animal known to be susceptible to influenza B infection is the seal. --EOI-- Influenza B virus is almost exclusively a human pathogen, and is less common than influenza A. The only other animal known to be susceptible to influenza B infection is the seal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Isaviruses infect salmon; thogotoviruses infect vertebrates and invertebrates, such as mosquitoes and sea lice. --EOI-- Isaviruses infect salmon; thogotoviruses infect vertebrates and invertebrates, such as mosquitoes and sea lice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Further variation exists; thus, specific influenza strain isolates are identified by a standard nomenclature specifying virus type, geographical location where first isolated, sequential number of isolation, year of isolation, and HA and NA subtype. --EOI-- Further variation exists; thus, specific influenza strain isolates are identified by a standard nomenclature specifying virus type, geographical location where first isolated, sequential number of isolation, year of isolation, and HA and NA subtype. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Orthomyxoviridae (orthos, Greek for "straight "; myxa, Greek for "mucus ") are a family of RNA viruses that includes five genera: Influenzavirus A, Influenzavirus B, Influenzavirus C, Isavirus and Thogotovirus. --EOI-- The Orthomyxoviridae (orthos, Greek for "straight "; myxa, Greek for "mucus ") are a family of RNA viruses. They include five genera: Influenzavirus A, Influenzavirus B, Influenzavirus C, Thogotovirus and Isavirus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Influenza A viruses are further classified, based on the viral surface proteins hemagglutinin (HA or H) and neuraminidase (NA or N)... Sixteen H subtypes (or serotypes) and nine N subtypes of influenza A virus have been identified. --EOI-- Influenza A viruses are further classified, based on the viral surface proteins hemagglutinin (HA or H) and neuraminidase (NA or N). Sixteen H subtypes (or serotypes) and nine N subtypes of influenza A virus have been identified. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first three genera contain viruses that cause influenza in vertebrates, including birds (see also avian influenza), humans, and other mammals. --EOI-- The first three genera contain viruses that cause influenza in vertebrates, including birds (see also avian influenza), humans, and other mammals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The type A viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and causes the most severe disease. --EOI-- The type A viruses are the most virulent human pathogens among the three influenza types and causes the most severe disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cosmic rays that arise in extrasolar astrophysical sources are primary cosmic rays; these primary cosmic rays can interact with interstellar matter to create secondary cosmic rays. The Sun also emits low energy cosmic rays associated with solar flares. --EOI-- Cosmic rays are not actually rays but particles that are moving very fast. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lead (II) sulfide is non-toxic, unless the lead and sulfur are heated to decomposition and toxic compounds of lead and sulfur oxides are produced (such as in roasting lead ore). Lead sulfide is insoluble and a stable compound in the pH of blood and so it is the least toxic form of lead. --EOI-- It is one of the least toxic forms of lead. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The difference between harvestmen and spiders is that in harvestmen the two main body sections (the abdomen with ten segments and cephalothorax, or prosoma and opisthosoma) are broadly joined, so that they appear to be one oval structure; they also have no venom or silk glands. --EOI-- In harvestmen the two main body sections (the abdomen and cephalothorax are broadly joined, so that they appear to be one oval structure; they also have no venom or silk glands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the 2000s, Anton appeared in shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm (2000); The King of Queens (2001, 2005); Ally McBeal (2001); Lizzie McGuire (2001); Everybody Loves Raymond (2002) and Weekends at the D.L. (2005). Anton has also appeared on shows like Premium Blend (1997) and Late Friday (2001) where he performed his stand-up routine. --EOI-- During the 2000s, Anton appeared in shows like Curb Your Enthusiasm, The King of Queens, Ally McBeal, Lizzie McGuire, Everybody Loves Raymond, and Weekends at the D.L. Anton has also appeared on shows like Premium Blend and Late Friday where he performed his stand-up routine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He was awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1943 for joint work with Edward Doisy work in discovering vitamin K and its role in human physiology. --EOI-- He won the 1943 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Edward Doisy, for the discovery of Vitamin K. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During these drills, the National Weather Service issues test tornado warnings, and local Emergency Alert Systems and\/or NOAA Weather Radio (normally as a Required Weekly Test\/RWT, Administrative Message\/ADR, Practice-Demo\/DMO, or Required Monthly Test\/RMT; Tornado Warning\/TOR can be used if a waiver from the FCC is granted since "Live Code Testing " is prohibited) are activated along with outdoor warning sirens. --EOI-- During these drills, the National Weather Service gives out test tornado warnings, and local Emergency Alert Systems and\/or NOAA Weather Radio (normally as a weekly or monthly test) are sounded, along with outdoor warning sirens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many well-known musicians rose to prominence as members of Davis' ensembles, including saxophonists Gerry Mulligan, John Coltrane, Cannonball Adderley, George Coleman, Wayne Shorter, Dave Liebman, Branford Marsalis and Kenny Garrett; trombonist J. J. Johnson; pianists Horace Silver, Red Garland, Wynton Kelly, Bill Evans, Herbie Hancock, Joe Zawinul, Chick Corea, Kei Akagi, and Keith Jarrett; guitarists John McLaughlin, Pete Cosey, John Scofield and Mike Stern; bassists Paul Chambers, Ron Carter, Dave Holland, Marcus Miller and Darryl Jones; and drummers Elvin Jones, Philly Joe Jones, Jimmy Cobb, Tony Williams, Billy Cobham, Jack DeJohnette, and Al Foster. --EOI-- As a bandleader he worked with other famous musicians like John Coltrane, Herbie Hancock, Bill Evans, Wayne Shorter, Chick Corea, John McLaughlin, Cannonball Adderley, Gerry Mulligan, Tony Williams, George Coleman, J. J. Johnson, Keith Jarrett, John Scofield and Kenny Garrett. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Released nineteen years after the previous film, the film acknowledges its star Harrison Ford's age by setting itself in 1957. It pays tribute to the science fiction B-movies of the era, pitting Indiana Jones against Soviet agentsâ " led by Irina Spalko (Cate Blanchett)-- for a psychic alien crystal skull. --EOI-- Set in 1957, this fourth movie in the Indiana Jones movie series and is based around an older and wiser Indiana Jones (played by Harrison Ford) against agents of the Soviet Union-- led by Spalko (Cate Blanchett)-- for the crystal skull. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Of those that took part in the council's opening session, four have become pontiffs to date: Cardinal Giovanni Battista Montini, who on succeeding Pope John XXIII took the name of Paul VI; Bishop Albino Luciani, the future Pope John Paul I; Bishop Karol WojtyÅ a, who became Pope John Paul II; and Father Joseph Ratzinger, present as a theological consultant, who became Pope Benedict XVI. --EOI-- Four future popes took part in the council's opening session: Cardinal Giovanni Battista Montini, who on succeeding Pope John XXIII took the name of Paul VI; Bishop Albino Luciani, the future Pope John Paul I; Bishop Karol WojtyÅ a, who became Pope John Paul II. Father Joseph Ratzinger, who was only 35 at the time, was there as a theological consultant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Four times as many duodenal ulcers as gastric ulcers are diagnosed. --EOI-- Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This genus includes the West Nile virus, dengue virus, Tick-borne Encephalitis Virus, Yellow Fever Virus, and several other viruses which may cause encephalitis. --EOI-- This genus includes the West Nile virus, Dengue fever virus, Tick-borne Encephalitis Virus, Yellow fever virus, and several other viruses which may cause encephalitis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some are arboreal, with long balancing tails and other adaptations for climbing, while others are semiaquatic, with webbed feet and small external ears. --EOI-- Some are good at climbing, with long balancing tails and other way to help them to climb, while others can swim, with webbed feet and small external ears. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Palm Springs Aerial Tramway, considered to be one of the greatest engineering feats of the 20th Century, takes visitors from the valley floor to the San Jacinto Peak mountain station 8516 feet (2595 m) above sea level. --EOI-- One of the world's greatest engineering feats is in Palm Springs. The Palm Springs Aerial Tramway brings visitors from the floor of the valley to the top of Mount San Jacinto, 8516 feet (3000 metres) up! --separator-- --simplificataion-- Diagnostic sonography (ultrasonography) is an ultrasound-based diagnostic imaging technique used for visualizing subcutaneous body structures including tendons, muscles, joints, vessels and internal organs for possible pathology or lesions. --EOI-- Diagnostic ultrasonography is the use of ultrasound to visualize hidden body structures. This medical imaging technique is used to display muscles, tendons, and other internal organs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most cheeses are acidified to a lesser degree by bacteria, which turn milk sugars into lactic acid, then the addition of rennet completes the curdling. --EOI-- Most cheeses are acidified to a lesser degree by bacteria, which turn milk sugars into lactic acid, then the addition of rennet completes the curdling. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Their styles, textures and flavors depend on the origin of the milk (including the animal's diet), whether they have been pasteurized, the butterfat content, the bacteria and mold, the processing, and aging. --EOI-- Their different styles and flavors depend on the origin of the milk and whether it has been pasteurized. It also depends on the butterfat content, the species of bacteria and mold, and the processing including the length of aging. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vegetarian alternatives to rennet are available; most are produced by fermentation of the fungus Mucor miehei, but others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family. --EOI-- Most of these are produced by fermentation of the fungus called Mucor miehei. However, others have been extracted from various species of the Cynara thistle family. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the mechanical energy is used to drive machinery, such as for grinding grain or pumping water, the device is called a windmill or wind pump. --EOI-- If the mechanical energy is used directly by machinery, such as for pumping water, cutting lumber or grinding stones, the machine is called a windmill. --separator-- --simplificataion-- MimÃ hides and overhears Rodolfo first telling Marcello that he left MimÃ because of her coquettishness, but finally confessing that he fears she is slowly being consumed by a deadly illness (most likely tuberculosis, known by the catchall name "consumption " in the nineteenth century). Rodolfo, in his poverty, can do little to help MimÃ and hopes that his pretended unkindness will inspire her to seek another, wealthier suitor (Marcello, finalmente-- "Marcello, finally "). --EOI-- MimÃ hides and hears Rodolfo telling Marcello why he left Mimi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The others return, with a gift of a muff to warm MimÃ's hands and some medicine. --EOI-- The others return, with a gift of a muff to warm Mimi's hands and some medicine, and tell Rodolfo that a doctor has been called, but it is too late. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In two arias (Rodolfo's Che gelida manina-- "What a cold little hand " and MimÃ's SÃ, mi chiamano MimÃ-- "Yes, they call me MimÃ "), they tell each other about their different backgrounds. --EOI-- In two very famous arias (Rodolfo's "Che gelida maninaâ " What a cold little hand " and Mimi's "SÃ, mi chiamano MimÃâ " Yes, they call me MimÃ "), they tell each other about their different backgrounds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The album has been made available on various formats since its initial release; both Parlophone and Nettwerk released it as a CD in 2000, and it was also released as a cassette by newfound US label Capitol in 2001. --EOI-- The album has been made available on various formats since its initial release; both Parlophone and Nettwerk released it as a CD in 2000, and it was also released as a cassette by newfound US label Capitol in 2001. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The group have also performed at various charity projects such as Band Aid 20, Live 8, Sound Relief, Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief, and the Teenage Cancer Trust. --EOI-- The group have also performed at various charity projects, such as Band Aid 20, Live 8, Sound Relief, Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief, and the Teenage Cancer Trust. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The somatic nervous system (SNS) is the part of the peripheral nervous system associated with the voluntary control of body movements via skeletal muscles, and with sensory reception of external stimuli (e.g., touch, hearing, and sight). --EOI-- The somatic nervous system (SNS) is the part of the peripheral nervous system It controls voluntary body movements by skeletal muscles, and sensory input of external stimuli (e.g., touch, hearing, and sight). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The SNS consists of efferent nerves responsible for stimulating muscle contraction, including all the neurons connected with skeletal muscles, skin, and sense organs. --EOI-- The SNS consists of nerves responsible for stimulating muscle contraction, including all the neurons connected with skeletal muscles, skin, and sense organs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The area is characterized by wide, shallow valleys, and is strewn with piles of eroded granite blocks. --EOI-- There are wide, shallow valleys, and many granite rocks. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the 17th century the chapel had its own building in Whitehall, which burned down in 1698; since 1702 it has been based at St James's Palace. --EOI-- In the 17th century the chapel had its own building in Whitehall, which burned down in 1698. Since 1702 it has been based in St. James's Palace. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptomatic carriers of the gene, while not hemophiliacs themselves, can have symptoms of hemophilia including a lower than normal blood clotting factor that can lead to heavy bleeding. --EOI-- Some carriers of the gene are not hemophiliacs themselves, but they can have signs of hemophilia, like bleeding more than most people. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Grand Duchess suffered from the painful condition hallux valgus (bunions), which affected both of her big toes. --EOI-- She had hallux valgus (bunions), which hurt both of her big toes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They slept on hard camp cots without pillows, except when they were ill, took cold baths in the morning, and were expected to tidy their rooms and do needlework to be sold at various charity events when they were not otherwise occupied. --EOI-- They slept on hard camp cots without pillows when they were healthy, took cold baths in the morning, and had to clean their rooms and sometimes sew. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After his release from hospital, Mane visited a tattoo parlor and had a large tattoo of an ice cream cone inked onto his face. --EOI-- Gucci Mane has a large tattoo of an ice cream cone tattooed onto his face which he got after he was released from the hospital. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1948 he received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for his 1939 discovery of insecticidal qualities and use of DDT in the control of vector diseases such as malaria and yellow fever. --EOI-- He won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1948 for his discoveries discovery of insecticidal qualities and use of DDT in the control of vector diseases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Humans, like most animals and plants, have biological rhythms, known as circadian rhythms, which are controlled by a biological clock and work on a daily time scale. These affect body temperature, alertness, appetite, hormone secretion etc. as well as sleep timing. --EOI-- Many people have problems with their sleep, appetite, alertness etc. when they work a shift during the times when their circadian rhythms indicate that they should be asleep. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band currently consists of Tim McIlrath (lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Zach Blair (lead guitar, backing vocals), Joe Principe (bass guitar, backing vocals) and Brandon Barnes (drums, percussion). --EOI-- Their current members are Tim McIlrath (vocals, guitar), Joe Principe (bass guitar), Brandon Barnes (drums), and Zach Blair (guitar). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In January 2006, after touring in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture, Rise Against recorded their fourth studio album at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado with producers Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore. --EOI-- In January 2006, after touring in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture, Rise Against started to work on their fourth studio album at the Blasting Room studio in Fort Collins, Colorado. With makers Bill Stevenson and Jason Livermore. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rise Against toured North America, Europe, Australia, and Japan in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --EOI-- Rise Against toured North America, Europe, Australia, and Japan in support of Siren Song of the Counter Culture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The glans (Latin for "acorn ") is a vascular structure located at the tip of the penis in men or a homologous genital structure of the clitoris in women. --EOI-- The glans (Latin for "acorn ") is a vascular structure on the tip of the penis in men or a homologous genital structure of the clitoris in women. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pethidine is also relatively contraindicated for use when a patient is suffering from liver, or kidney disease, has a history of seizures or epilepsy, has an enlarged prostate or urinary retention problems, or suffers from hypothyroidism, asthma, or Addison's disease. --EOI-- Pethidine is also relatively bad for use when a patient is suffering from liver, or kidney disease, has a history of seizures or epilepsy, has an enlarged prostate or urinary retention problems, or suffers from hyperthyroidism, asthma, or Addison's disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In some chordates, it persists throughout life as the main axial support of the body, while in most vertebrates it becomes the vertebral body of the vertebral column. --EOI-- In some chordates, it persists throughout life as the main support down the length of the body. In most vertebrates it is replaced by the vertebral column. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Notochords were the first "backbones " serving as support structures in chordates such as Haikouichthys. --EOI-- Notochords were the first "backbones " serving as support structures in chordates. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Embryos of vertebrates have notochords today, as embryonic development often follows a pattern similar to the ancestral evolution of the modern animal's traits. --EOI-- Embryos of vertebrates have notochords today, as embryonic development often follows a pattern similar to the ancestral evolution of the modern animal's traits. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Notochords were advantageous to primitive fish-ancestors because they were a rigid structure for muscle attachment, yet flexible enough to allow more movement than, for example, the exoskeleton of the dominant animals of that time. --EOI-- Notochords were advantageous to primitive fish-ancestors because they were a rigid structure for muscle attachment, yet flexible enough to allow movement. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both the botanical name (from the GreekÎÏÏÏÎÏ: "drosos "= "dew, dewdrops ") as well as the English common name (sundew, derived from Latin ros solis, meaning "dew of the sun ") refer to the glistening drops of mucilage at the tip of each tentacle that resemble drops of morning dew. --EOI-- Its scientific name is from the GreekÎÏÏÏÎÏ: "drosos "= "dew, dewdrops ". Its English name is sundew, from Latin ros solis, meaning "dew of the sun ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other artists included Zounds, Flux Of Pink Indians, Omega Tribe, Rudimentary Peni, Conflict, Icelandic band KUKL (who included singer BjÃ rk), classical singer Jane Gregory, Anthrax, Captain Sensible, Lack of Knowledge and the Poison Girls, a like-minded band who worked closely with Crass for several years. --EOI-- These included Flux Of Pink Indians, Conflict, Poison Girls, Zounds, Honey Bane, Rudimentary Peni and others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A year later, the Warrior was given the U.S. Medal of Honor (The U.S.'s highest award for valor) on 17 October 1921, from the hand of General Pershing; it hangs on a pillar near to his burial site. --EOI-- The unknown warrior was awarded the United States Medal of Honor on October 17, 1921. This hangs on a pillar near his burial. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1828, Conrad Van Houten of the Netherlands developed a mechanical extraction method for extracting the fat from cacao liquor resulting in cacao butter and the partly defatted cacao, a compacted mass of solids that could be sold as it was "rock cacao " or ground into powder. --EOI-- In 1828 Conrad Van Houten of the Netherlands made a mechanical extraction method for taking away the fat from cacao liquor resulting in cacao butter and the mostly de-fatted cacao. It was a compacted mass of solids that could be sold as it was "rock cacao " or ground into powder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chocolate cake is a cake flavored with melted chocolate or cocoa powder. --EOI-- A chocolate cake is a cake made with chocolate or cocoa. --separator-- --simplificataion-- According to local media, the flood waters had reached a height of 7 o by the time it struck Grantham. --EOI-- According to local media, the flood waters had reached a height of 7 o by the time it struck Grantham. --separator-- --simplificataion-- About 35 State Emergency Service personnel from New South Wales and 20 personnel from Victoria were deployed to provide relief to exhausted staff and volunteers. --EOI-- About 35 State Emergency Service workers from New South Wales and 20 from Victoria were used to provide a rest for tired staff and volunteers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Masturbation with a partner can also theoretically result in transmission of sexually transmitted diseases by contact with bodily fluids. --EOI-- Masturbation with a partner can also theoretically result in transmission of sexually transmitted diseases by contact with bodily fluids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In males, masturbation flushes out old sperm with low motility from the male's genital tract. --EOI-- The function of masturbation in males is to flush out old sperm with low motility from the male's genital tract. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Though research is still as yet scant, those suffering from cardiovascular disorders (particularly those recovering from myocardial infarction, or heart attacks) should resume physical activity (including sexual intercourse and masturbation) gradually and with the frequency and rigor which their physical status will allow. --EOI-- And while doctors have no proof of this actually being true, those suffering from cardiovascular disorders (particularly those recovering from myocardial infarction, or heart attacks) should resume physical activity (including sexual intercourse and masturbation) gradually and with the frequency and rigor which their physical status will allow. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Frequency of masturbation is determined by many factors, e.g., one's resistance to sexual tension, hormone levels influencing sexual arousal, sexual habits, peer influences, health and one's attitude to masturbation formed by culture; E. Heiby and J. Becker examined the latter. --EOI-- Sexual arousal depends on hormones. Other things that the frequency of masturbation depend on are sexual habits. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A man whose penis has suffered a blunt trauma, severe bend or other injury during intercourse or masturbation may, rarely, sustain a penile fracture or suffer from Peyronie's disease. --EOI-- A man whose penis has suffered a blunt trauma or injury during intercourse may rarely sustain a penile fracture or suffer from Peyronie's disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A study published in 1997 found an inverse association between death from coronary heart disease and frequency of orgasm even given the risk that myocardial ischemia and myocardial infarction can be triggered by sexual activity. --EOI-- A study published in 1997 found an inverse association between death from coronary heart disease and frequency of orgasm even given the risk that myocardial ischemia and myocardial infarction can be triggered by sexual activity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other types of storage organs (such as corms, rhizomes, and tubers) are sometimes erroneously referred to as bulbs. The correct term for plants that form underground storage organs, including bulbs as well as tubers and corms, is geophyte. --EOI-- Some plant storage organs that are similar to bulbs, but have different names are, tubers, corms (swollen stems), tuberous roots, and pseudobulbs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They are facultatively aerobic, but do not produce oxygen in the process of producing energy from light, or phototrophy. --EOI-- They are facultatively aerobic, but do not produce oxygen in the process of producing energy from light, or phototrophy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It causes immediate closing of the eyes, difficulty breathing, runny nose, and coughing. --EOI-- When someone is sprayed with pepper spray, their eyes will close and they will have difficulty breathing, a runny nose, and cough. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pepper spray, also known as OC spray (from "Oleoresin Capsicum "), OC gas, and capsicum spray, is a lachrymatory agent (a chemical compound that irritates the eyes to cause tears, pain, and even temporary blindness) that is used in riot control, crowd control, and personal self-defence, including defense against dogs and bears. --EOI-- Pepper spray (also called OC spray, from Oleoresin capsicum) is a spray used for self-defence, by spraying it into an attacker's face. It makes eyes water and causes intense pain, sometimes even leading to temporary blindness. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A remnant circulation aloft persisted, however, and was likely responsible for a period of near hurricane-force winds observed at the NWS Cedar City, Utah Doppler weather radar. --EOI-- A remnant circulation aloft persisted, however, and was likely responsible for a period of near hurricane-force winds observed at the NWS Cedar City, Utah Doppler weather radar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Natural enemies include predatory ladybirds, hoverfly larvae, parasitic wasps, aphid midge larvae, crab spiders, lacewings and entomopathogenic fungi like Lecanicillium lecanii and the Entomophthorales. --EOI-- Important natural enemies include the predatory lady beetles (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae), hoverfly larvae (Diptera: Syrphidae), and lacewings (Neuroptera: Chrysopidae), and entomopathogenic fungi like Lecanicillium lecanii and the Entomophthorales. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One of the most common types of arc welding is shielded metal arc welding (SMAW); it is also known as manual metal arc welding (MMA) or stick welding. Electric current is used to strike an arc between the base material and consumable electrode rod, which is made of steel and is covered with a flux that protects the weld area from oxidation and contamination by producing carbon dioxide (CO2) gas during the welding process. --EOI-- Arc welding heats metals by making a high-current electric arc between pieces of metal to be joined and an electrode. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The process is commonly used for welding dissimilar materials, such as the welding of aluminum with steel in ship hulls or compound plates. Other solid-state welding processes include friction welding (including friction stir welding), electromagnetic pulse welding, co-extrusion welding, cold welding, diffusion welding, exothermic welding, high frequency welding, hot pressure welding, induction welding, and roll welding. --EOI-- Forge welding is the first kind of welding that ever was used. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gas tungsten arc welding (GTAW), or tungsten inert gas (TIG) welding, is a manual welding process that uses a nonconsumable tungsten electrode, an inert or semi-inert gas mixture, and a separate filler material. --EOI-- Gas tungsten arc welding (GTAW): GTAW is also known as TIG (tungsten inert gas welding). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In robot welding, mechanized devices both hold the material and perform the weld and at first, spot welding was its most common application, but robotic arc welding increases in popularity as technology advances. Other key areas of research and development include the welding of dissimilar materials (such as steel and aluminum, for example) and new welding processes, such as friction stir, magnetic pulse, conductive heat seam, and laser-hybrid welding. --EOI-- Friction stir welding is a special kind of welding that does not use heat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The invention of baking powder and other chemical leavening agents during the 19th century substantially increased the flexibility of this traditional pound cake by introducing the possibility of creating lighter, fluffier cakes using these traditional combinations of ingredients, and it is this transformation that brought about the modern butter cake. --EOI-- This was the first butter cake. The invention of baking powder during the 19th century made it possible to have lighter, fluffier cakes using these same ingredients, making the modern butter cake. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A butter cake is a cake in which one of the main ingredients is butter. Butter cakes consist of taking the most basic of ingredients butter, sugar, eggs, flour, and a leavening agent (baking powder or baking soda) and transforming them into a baked good. --EOI-- Butter cakes are high in fat because they contain so much butter. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hydrochloric acid may be used to make hydrated CdCl2 from the metal, or from cadmium oxide or cadmium carbonate. --EOI-- Cadmium chloride is made by reacting cadmium oxide, cadmium, or cadmium carbonate with hydrochloric acid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the laboratory however, copper (I) iodide is prepared by simply mixing an aqueous solution of sodium or potassium iodide and a soluble copper (II) salt such copper sulfate. --EOI-- Another way would be to react copper (II) sulfate and potassium iodide. This makes copper (II) iodide which as said before breaks down right away to make iodine and copper (I) iodide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Copper (I) iodide can be prepared by heating iodine and copper in concentrated hydriodic acid, HI. In the laboratory however, copper (I) iodide is prepared by simply mixing an aqueous solution of sodium or potassium iodide and a soluble copper (II) salt such copper sulfate. --EOI-- Copper does not form a stable copper (II) iodide; copper (II) iodide breaks down right away to make copper (I) iodide and iodine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Following the chase for the Mask of Life, the Toa Inika descended into the waters after receiving the mysterious clue "save the sunken city " from an unknown Matoran, who had saved Hahli from drowning at the cost of him dying from decompression sickness. --EOI-- Following the chase for the Mask of Life, the Toa Inika descended into the waters after receiving the mysterious clue "save the sunken city " from an unknown Matoran, who had saved Hahli from drowning at the cost of him dying from decompression sickness. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nerves move muscles in response to voluntary and autonomic (involuntary) signals from the brain. Deep muscles, superficial muscles, muscles of the face and internal muscles all correspond with dedicated regions in the primary motor cortex of the brain, directly anterior to the central sulcus that divides the frontal and parietal lobes. --EOI-- The Smooth muscles are the other muscles in the body that are involuntary. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cardiac muscle is similar to skeletal muscle in both composition and action, being made up of myofibrils of sarcomeres, but anatomically different in that the muscle fibers are typically branched like a tree and connect to other cardiac muscle fibers through intercalcated discs, and form the appearance of a syncytium. --EOI-- The Cardiac muscle is the muscle in the heart. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Quicksand is a non-Newtonian fluid: when undisturbed, it often appears to be solid ( "gel " form), but a minor (less than 1%) change in the stress on the quicksand will cause a sudden decrease in its viscosity ( "sol " form). --EOI-- Quicksand is a non-Newtonian fluid: when undisturbed it often appears to be solid ( "gel " form), but a minor (less than 1%) change in the stress on the quicksand will cause a sudden decrease in its viscosity ( "sol " form). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Reform means to put or change into an improved form or condition; to amend or improve by change of color or removal of faults or abuses, beneficial change, more specifically, reversion to a pure original state, to repair, restore or to correct. --EOI-- Reform means a useful change, or sometimes reversion to a pure original state. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Note that drinking tea is only a metaphor; if you are living in the heat you can take a nice cold drink; if these are n't manly enough you can sit around a fire and drink beer. --EOI-- Note that drinking tea is only a metaphor; if you are living in the heat you can take a nice cold drink; if these are n't your style, you can sit around a fire and drink beer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As Thumper's mother said: If you ca n't say something nice, do n't say anything at all. --EOI-- As Thumper's mother said: If you ca n't say something nice, do n't say anything at all. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Continental climate is a climate that is characterized by important annual variation in temperature due to the lack of significant bodies of water nearby. Often winter temperature is cold enough to support a fixed period of snow each year, and relatively moderate precipitation occurring mostly in summer, although there are exceptions like the east coast areas of North America which show an even distribution of precipitationâ " this pattern is called Humid continental climate, but dry continental climates also exist. --EOI-- Continental climate is a climate that is characterized by winter temperatures cold enough to support a fixed period of snow cover each year, and relatively moderate precipitation occurring mostly in summer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Unlike the megamouth shark and whale shark, the basking shark does not appear to actively seek quarry, but it does possess large olfactory bulbs that may guide it. It relies only on the water that it pushes through its gills by swimming; the megamouth shark and whale shark can suck or pump water through their gills. --EOI-- It is the second largest shark (after the whale shark). --separator-- --simplificataion-- A knockout mouse is a genetically engineered mouse in which one or more genes have been turned off through a targeted mutation. --EOI-- A knockout mouse is a genetically engineered mouse in which one or more genes have been turned off by a gene knockout. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By causing a specific gene to be inactive in the mouse, and observing any differences from normal behavior or condition, researchers can infer its probable function. --EOI-- By causing a specific gene to be inactive in the mouse, and observing any differences from normal behavior or condition, researchers can infer its probable function. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A detailed explanation of how knockout (KO) mice are created is located at the website of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2007. --EOI-- A detailed explanation of how knockout (KO) mice are produced is at the website of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2007. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mona Lisa (also known as La Gioconda or La Joconde) is a 16th-century portrait painted in oil on a poplar panel by Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci during the Renaissance in Florence, Italy. --EOI-- Mona Lisa (also known as La Gioconda or La Joconde) is a 16th-century portrait painted in oil by Leonardo da Vinci during the Renaissance in Florence, Italy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They are sensitive to the touch as they have many nerve endings; and it is common to press or massage them with hands or orally before or during sexual activity. --EOI-- During sexual intercourse, it is common practice to press or massage breasts with hands. Breasts are sensitive to touch as they have many nerve endings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Girls substantially develop breasts during puberty, as a result of changing sex hormones, chiefly estrogen, which also has been demonstrated to cause the development of woman-like, enlarged breasts in men, a condition called gynecomastia. --EOI-- Girls develop breasts during puberty due to sex hormones, mainly estrogen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In women, the larger mammary glands within the breast produce the milk. --EOI-- The breast contains mammary glands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the ancient Indian work the Kama Sutra, light scratching of the breasts with nails and biting with teeth are considered erotic. --EOI-- In the ancient Indian work the Kama Sutra, marking breasts with nails and biting with teeth are explained as erotic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The interaction between the remnants of Cristobal and a high pressure system over the Mid-Atlantic States produced rip currents and 4 foot (1.2 m) waves along the south shore of Long Island, New York; three people drowned from the rip currents. --EOI-- Cristobal also caused rip currents and 4 foot (1.2 m) waves along the south shore of Long Island, New York. Three people drowned in the rip currents. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sphalerite ((Zn, Fe) S) is a mineral that is the chief ore of zinc. --EOI-- Sphalerite is a mineral. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While Nick Heidfeld scored a 2nd place finish, Robert Kubica suffered a huge crash that resulted in a long safety car period. The media was initially told Kubica had broken his leg, but it later proved that he had escaped with only a sprained ankle and concussion. --EOI-- The Canadian Grand Prix brought the teams best finish to date, with Nick Heidfeld finishing in 2nd place, but Robert Kubica had a huge crash that resulted in a sprained ankle and concussion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- color LCD monitor, providing a video observation and sighting system with transmission capability. --EOI-- color LCD screen, providing video and sighting system with transmission capability. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Plasmids may carry genes that provide resistance to naturally occurring antibiotics in a competitive environmental niche, or alternatively the proteins produced may act as toxins under similar circumstances. --EOI-- Plasmids may carry genes that provide resistance to naturally occurring antibiotics in a competitive environmental niche, or alternatively the proteins produced may act as toxins under similar circumstances. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vader loses ground as Luke lands blow after blow; Luke knocks Vader to the ground and severs his father's mechanical right hand. With the Emperor ordering Luke to strike Vader down and take his place, Luke glances at his own bionic hand and realizes he's on the verge of following the same path to the dark side as his father. --EOI-- Vader cuts off Luke's hand and then tells Luke that he is actually his father, Anakin Skywalker. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The opium poppy (Papaver somniferum) is so widely used, for both drugs and food, that its worldwide production is monitored by international agencies. It yields opium and opiates, poppy seed for use in cooking and baking, poppyseed oil for both culinary and other uses, and is also cultivated as an ornamental plant. --EOI-- The opium poppy, Papaver somniferum, is grown for opium, opiates or seeds to be used in cooking and baking. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Testicular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers: in excess of 90 percent; essentially 100 percent if it has not metastasized. --EOI-- Testicular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers; more than 90%. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a drug commonly used to treat acne vulgaris and keratosis pilaris. --EOI-- As a drug, it can be used used for the treatment of acne vulgaris and keratosis pilaris. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On July 9, 1861, a hot day, Fanny was putting locks of her children's hair into an envelope and attempting to seal it with hot sealing wax while Longfellow took a nap. --EOI-- On July 9, 1861, a hot day, Fanny was putting locks of her children's hair into an envelope and attempting to seal it with hot sealing wax while Longfellow took a nap. --separator-- --simplificataion-- I used to show dad everything I'd built or painted at school, and this one sparked off the idea... " Lucy Vodden nÃ e O'Donnell, in a BBC radio interview in 2007, said, "I remember Julian and I both doing pictures on a double-sided easel, throwing paint at each other, much to the horror of the classroom attendant... Julian had painted a picture and on that particular day his father turned up with the chauffeur to pick him up from school. " Vodden died of the immune system disease lupus in 2009. --EOI-- I used to show dad everything I'd built or painted at school, and this one sparked off the idea... " Lucy Vodden nÃ e O'Donnell died of an immune system disease in 2009. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Shellac is a very widely used single component resin varnish that is alcohol soluble. --EOI-- Shellac is a very widely used single component resin varnish that is alcohol soluble. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His best known work is without doubt the short novel Die Schwarze Spinne (The Black Spider), a semi-allegorical tale of the plague in form of the titular monster that devastates a Swiss valley community; first as a result of a pact with the devil born out of need and a second time due to the moral decay that releases the monster from its prison again. --EOI-- His best known work is without doubt the short novel Die Schwarze Spinne (The Black Spider), a semi-allegorical tale of the plague in form of the titular monster that devastates a Swiss valley community; first as a result of a pact with the devil born out of need and a second time due to the moral decay that releases the monster from its prison again. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Evaporation exceeds precipitation, the level of water in lakes like Lake Chad falls, and rivers become dry wadis. --EOI-- Evaporation exceeds precipitation, the level of water in lakes like Lake Chad falls, and rivers become dry wadis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They met up with each other again on a road safety committee and became working allies to extend speed restrictions and improve road markings; cat's eyes were perhaps the most significant fruit of their labors. --EOI-- They met up with each other again on a road safety committee and became working allies to extend speed restrictions and improve road markings; cat's eyes were perhaps the most significant fruit of their labors. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These include dryness and recurring skin rashes that are characterized by one or more of these symptoms: redness, skin edema (swelling), itching and dryness, crusting, flaking, blistering, cracking, oozing, or bleeding. --EOI-- A skin disease rashes itching and dryness, crusting, flaking, blistering, cracking, oozing, or bleeding. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Eczema (From Greek` to boil over') is a form of dermatitis, or inflammation of the epidermis (the outer layer of the skin). --EOI-- Eczema (From GreekÄ "kzema,` to boil over') is a form of dermatitis, or inflammation of the epidermis are the outer layer of the skin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Patients who drink alcohol to excess are also more often than others found to have hepatitis C. The combination of hepatitis C and alcohol consumption accelerates the development of cirrhosis. --EOI-- Hepatitis can also be caused by alcohol. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hepatitis is acute when it lasts less than six months and chronic when it persists longer. A group of viruses known as the hepatitis viruses cause most cases of hepatitis worldwide, but it can also be due to toxins (notably alcohol, certain medications, some industrial organic solvents and plants), other infections and autoimmune diseases. --EOI-- The most common forms are Hepatitis A, Hepatitis B and Hepatitis C. Most cases of Hepatitis are caused by viruses. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lead (II) acetate is also known as lead acetate, lead diacetate, plumbous acetate, sugar of lead, lead sugar, salt of Saturn, and Goulard's powder (after Thomas Goulard). --EOI-- It is also known as sugar of lead, salt of Saturn, and Goulard's powder. It is used to make other lead compounds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also, if the reviewing administrator concludes that the block was justified, you will not be unblocked unless the reviewing administrator is convinced that you understand what you are blocked for, and that you will not do it again. --EOI-- Also, if the reviewing administrator decides that the block was justified, she will not unblock you unless she is convinced that you understand what you are blocked for, and that you will not do it again. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Complications of heart disease and diabetes weakened Robinson and made him almost blind by middle age. --EOI-- Problems with heart disease and diabetes made Robinson weak. He was almost blind by middle age. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Later that year, after he complained of numerous physical ailments, his doctors diagnosed Robinson with diabetes, a disease that also affected his brothers. --EOI-- Later that year, after he complained about a lot of physical problems, his doctors diagnosed Robinson with diabetes. This disease had also affected his brothers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- C. albicans is commensal and is among the gut flora, the many organisms that live in the human mouth and gastrointestinal tract. --EOI-- C. albicans is among the gut flora, the many organisms that live in the human mouth and gastrointestinal tract. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Due to the unexpected darker and more mature subject matter (the film includes a scene in which a dog almost drowns while hanging from a bridge), the film was not received as well as the first Babe film was, and reviews were generally mixed. --EOI-- Because of the unexpected darker and more grown up subject matter (the movie includes a scene in which a dog almost drowns while hanging from a bridge), the movie was not received as well critically as the first Babe movie was, and reviews were generally mixed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Among the Bantu Kavirondo goats and sheep are suffocated, the snout being held until the animal dies. --EOI-- Among the Bantu Kavirondo goats and sheep are suffocated, the snout being held until the animal dies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Traditional Kavirondo industries are salt-making, effected by burning reeds and water-plants and passing water through the ashes; the smelting of iron ore (confined to the Bantu tribes); pottery and basket-work. --EOI-- Traditional Kavirondo industries are salt-making, effected by burning reeds and water-plants and passing water through the ashes; the smelting of iron ore (confined to the Bantu tribes); pottery and basket-work. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Those who live in the low-lying lands suffer from a mild malaria, while abroad they are subject to dysentery and pneumonia. --EOI-- Those who live in the low-lying lands suffer from a mild malaria, while abroad they are subject to dysentery and pneumonia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They dress wounds with butter and leaves, and for inflammation of the lungs or pleurisy, pierce a hole in the chest. --EOI-- They dress wounds with butter and leaves, and for inflammation of the lungs or pleurisy, pierce a hole in the chest. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The rhombencephalon (or hindbrain) is a developmental categorization of portions of the central nervous system in vertebrates. --EOI-- The rhombencephalon (or hindbrain) is a name for parts of the central nervous system in vertebrates. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Modernist authors include Knut Hamsun (whose novel Hunger might be a worthy consideration for the first modernist novel), James Joyce, Mikhail Bulgakov, T. S. Eliot, Gertrude Stein, H.D., Virginia Woolf, Marcel Proust, John Steinbeck, Dylan Thomas, D. H. Lawrence, Paul Laurence Dunbar, Ezra Pound, Mina Loy, Hugh MacDiarmid, William Faulkner, Jean Toomer, Ernest Hemingway, John Dos Passos, Katherine Anne Porter, E. M. Forster, Rainer Maria Rilke, Franz Kafka, Robert Musil, Joseph Conrad, Andrei Bely, W. B. Yeats, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Luigi Pirandello, Carlo Emilio Gadda, Aldo Palazzeschi, Italo Svevo, Federigo Tozzi, Katherine Mansfield, Jaroslav HaÅ ek, Samuel Beckett, Menno ter Braak, Robert Frost, Boris Pasternak, Djuna Barnes, Patricia Highsmith, Sherwood Anderson, Mervyn Peake, Ivan Cankar among others. --EOI-- Modernist literature was at its height from 1900 to 1940, and featured such authors as Knut Hamsun, Vladimir Nabokov, T. S. Eliot, James Joyce, William Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway, Franz Kafka, Joseph Conrad, Virginia Woolf, Andrei Bely, W.B. Yeats, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Ezra Pound, D.H. Lawrence, Katherine Mansfield, Gertrude Stein, H.D., Jaroslav HaÅ ek, Samuel Beckett, Menno ter Braak, Marcel Proust, Thomas Mann, Mikhail Bulgakov, Robert Frost and Boris Pasternak. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Image capture can be achieved through various combinations of shutter speed, aperture, and film or sensor speed. --EOI-- A slow shutter speed, a bigger aperture, and a fast film will make a brighter picture. A fast shutter speed, a small aperture, and a slow film will give a darker picture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Temperatures within a given winter are highly variable as well; extended cold snaps of forty below zero can be followed by unseasonable warmth with temperatures above freezing due to chinook wind effects. --EOI-- Long cold snaps can be followed by sudden warmth with temperatures above freezing. this is because of changes in the wind. --separator-- --simplificataion-- GLaDOS continues to plead with Chell, but during the exchange one of GLaDOS' personality core spheres falls off; Chell drops it in an incinerator. GLaDOS reveals that Chell has just destroyed the morality core, which the Aperture Science employees allegedly installed after GLaDOS flooded the enrichment center with a deadly neurotoxin, and goes on to state that now there is nothing to prevent her from doing so once again. --EOI-- Chell breaks a Morality Core that fell out of GLaDOS. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Batista pretended to sign with the SmackDown brand, giving Triple H and Flair the "thumbs up ", but turned it into a "thumbs down " (alluding to the way Randy Orton was kicked out of Evolution after winning the world title at SummerSlam 2004) before attacking the pair. --EOI-- Batista pretended to sign with the SmackDown! brand, giving Triple H and Flair the "thumbs up, " but turned it into a "thumbs down " before attacking the pair. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A 30-man interpromotional Battle Royal, which featured: Booker T, Paul London, Heidenreich, Spike Dudley, Nunzio, Funaki, Doug Basham, Danny Basham, Orlando Jordan, Mark Jindrak, Luther Reigns, Scotty 2 Hotty, Hardcore Holly, Charlie Haas, Billy Kidman, and Akio from SmackDown and Simon Dean, William Regal, Tajiri, Rob Conway, Sylvain Grenier, Snitsky, The Hurricane, Rosey, Chris Masters, Viscera, Rhyno, Val Venis, Tyson Tomko, and Maven from Raw. --EOI-- A 30-man Interpromotional Battle Royal, which featured: Booker T, Paul London, Heidenreich, Spike Dudley, Nunzio, Funaki, Doug Basham, Danny Basham, Orlando Jordan, Mark Jindrak, Luther Reigns, Scotty 2 Hotty, Hardcore Holly, Charlie Haas, Billy Kidman, Akio from SmackDown! and Simon Dean, William Regal, Tajiri, Rob Conway, Sylvain Grenier, Snitsky, The Hurricane, Rosey, Chris Masters, Viscera, Rhyno, Val Venis, Tyson Tomko, Maven from Raw. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process, beginning with amino acid synthesis and transcription of nuclear DNA into messenger RNA, which is then used as input to translation. --EOI-- The term is sometimes used to refer only to protein translation but more often it refers to a multi-step process, beginning with amino acid synthesis and transcription which are then used for translation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Radiolarians (also radiolaria) are amoeboid protozoa that produce intricate mineral skeletons, typically with a central capsule dividing the cell into inner and outer portions, called endoplasm and ectoplasm. --EOI-- Radiolarians (Radiolaria) are amoeboid protists which produce intricate mineral skeletons. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nuclei and most other organelles are in the endoplasm, while the ectoplasm is filled with frothy vacuoles and lipid droplets, keeping them buoyant. --EOI-- The nuclei and most other organelles are in the endoplasm, while the ectoplasm is filled with frothy vacuoles and lipid droplets, keeping them buoyant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The program shifted from sepia to color stop motion film, and various toys in the shop would also come to life: Gabriel the toad (who, unlike most Smallfilms characters, could move by a special device beneath his can without the use of stop motion animation) and a rag doll called Madeleine. --EOI-- The program changed from sepia to color film, and the toys in the shop would come to life. There was Gabriel the toad, a rag doll called Madeleine, and a wooden woodpecker which was a bookend (something to stop a row of books falling over) called Professor Yaffle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Earth has an outer silicate solid crust, a highly viscous mantle, a liquid outer core that is much less viscous than the mantle, and a solid inner core. --EOI-- The Earth has an outer silicate solid crust, a highly viscous mantle, a liquid outer core that is much less viscous than the mantle, and a solid inner core. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The excretory duct of seminal gland opens into the vas deferens as it enters the prostate gland. --EOI-- Each gland makes a ball shape on the wall of each vas deferens. There is a tube linking the seminal glands which opens into the vas deferens and prostate gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The thick secretions from the seminal vesicles contain proteins, enzymes, fructose, mucus, vitamin C, flavins, phosphorylcholine and prostaglandins. --EOI-- Seminal fluid has proteins, enzymes, fructose, mucus, vitamin C and flavins. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lea& Perrins Worcestershire sauce sold in the USA differs from the British recipe. Its ingredients are listed as: vinegar, molasses, high-fructose corn syrup, anchovies, water, onions, salt, garlic, tamarind concentrate, cloves, natural flavourings and chili pepper extract. --EOI-- The H. J. Heinz Company, which now makes "The Original Lea& Perrins Worcestershire Sauce ", with the name Lea& Perrins, Inc., lists these ingredients on the bottle made in the United States: vinegar, molasses, high fructose corn syrup, anchovies, water, onions, salt, garlic, tamarind) concentrate, cloves, natural flavorings and chili pepper extract. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The ingredients of a traditional bottle of Worcestershire sauce sold in the UK as "The Original& Genuine Lea& Perrins Worcestershire sauce " are malt vinegar (from barley), spirit vinegar, molasses, sugar, salt, anchovies, tamarind extract, onions, garlic, spice, and flavoring. --EOI-- The ingredients of a bottle of Worcestershire Sauce from England sold under the name "The Original& Genuine Lea& Perrins Worcestershire Sauce " by Lea& Perrins, Limited, lists the following ingredients: malt vinegar (from barley), spirit vinegar, molasses, sugar, salt, anchovies, tamarind extract, onions, garlic, spice and flavoring. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In a dilute aqueous solution, potassium bromide tastes sweet, at higher concentration it tastes bitter, and when most concentrated it tastes salty to humans (these effects are due mainly to potassium ion; sodium bromide merely tastes salty at all concentrations). --EOI-- When it is dilute, it tastes sweet; when it is a little concentrated, it tastes bitter; when it is very concentrated, it tastes salty. This taste is because of the potassium ion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The reaction from film reviewers was mixed with many panning the film as a retread of older Disney films like The Lion King and the 20th Century Fox film Ice Age (although Brother Bear began production before Ice Age did), while others defended the film as a legitimate variation of the theme. --EOI-- The reaction from movie reviewers was mixed with many panning the movie as coping older Disney movies like The Lion King and the 20th Century Fox movie Ice Age (although Brother Bear began production before Ice Age did), while others defended the movie as a different and resonable variation of the theme. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Compared with other alkali metals, sodium is generally less reactive than potassium and more reactive than lithium, in accordance with "periodic law ": for example, their reaction in water, chlorine gas, etc. --EOI-- Compared with other alkali metals (metals in the first column of the periodic table), sodium is usually less reactive than potassium and more reactive than lithium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ` Possum Drop, is an annual New Year's celebration held at a local gas station called Clay's Corner, which celebrates every New Year's by dropping a live opossum in a plexiglass pyramid from the roof of the store. --EOI-- ` Possum Drop, is an annual New Year's celebration held at a local gas station called Clay's Corner, which celebrates every New Year's by dropping a live opossum in a plexiglass pyramid from the roof of the store. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The name Peru saltpetre or Chile saltpetre (American Peru saltpeter or Chile saltpeter) refers not to potassium nitrate but to a similar chemical sodium nitrate. --EOI-- It contains potassium and nitrate ions. It is often called saltpeter. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In medicine, diuretics are used to treat heart failure, liver cirrhosis, hypertension and certain kidney diseases. --EOI-- Diuretics are used as a treatment for heart failure, liver cirrhosis, hypertension and certain problems with the kidneys. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Miletus (mÄ "lÄ "' tÉ s) (Ancient Greek:ÎÎÎ "ÎÏÎÏ, MilÄ "tos; Latin: Miletus) was an ancient Greek city on the western coast of Anatolia (in what is now Aydin Province, Turkey), near the mouth of the Maeander River in ancient Caria. --EOI-- Miletus (mÄ "lÄ "' tÉ s) (Ancient Greek:ÎÎÎ "ÎÏÎÏ, literally transliterated MilÄ "tos, Latin Miletus) was an ancient city on the western coast of Anatolia (in what is now Aydin Province, Turkey), near the mouth of the Maeander River in ancient Caria. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cryptosporidium parvum is one of several protozal species that cause cryptosporidiosis, a parasitic disease of the mammalian intestinal tract. --EOI-- Is a one of several species that cause cryptosporidiosis, a parasitic disease of the mammalian intestinal tract. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cataracts of the Nile are shallow stretches of the river between Aswan and Khartoum where the water's surface is broken by numerous small boulders and stones protruding from the river bed, as well as many small rocky islets. --EOI-- The cataracts of the Nile are shallow stretches between Aswan and Khartoum where the water's surface is broken by numerous small boulders and stones that lie on the river bed, as well as many small rocky islets. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Portian orbit, which lies inside Uranus' synchronous orbital radius, is slowly decaying due to tidal deceleration. --EOI-- The Portian orbit, which lies inside Uranus' synchronous orbital radius, is slowly shrinking due to tidal deceleration. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These pulsar planets are believed to have formed from the unusual remnants of the supernova that produced the pulsar, in a second round of planet formation, or else to be the remaining rocky cores of gas giants that survived the supernova and then decayed into their current orbits. --EOI-- These pulsar planets are believed to have formed from the unusual remnants of the supernova that produced the pulsar, in a second round of planet formation, or else to be the remaining rocky cores of gas giants that survived the supernova and then decayed into their current orbits. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Onions play a vital role in Pikmin reproduction: When any food, such as prey or pellets, is delivered to an Onion, it propagates seeds, which grow and are then plucked from the ground as fully-developed Pikmin. An Onion also serves as an incubator for all Pikmin of its color, housing potentially hundreds of Pikmin. --EOI-- Olimar gets Pikmin by bringing pellets, a type of food, and bad guys to an Onion, which is the Pikmin's ship. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This form of rock consists mostly of the minerals gibbsite Al (OH) 3, boehmiteÎ- AlO (OH), and diasporeÎ- AlO (OH), in a mixture with the two iron oxides goethite and hematite, the clay mineral kaolinite, and small amounts of anatase TiO2. --EOI-- It is largely made up of the minerals Gibbsite Al (OH) 3, BoehmiteÎ- AlO (OH), and DiasporeÎ- AlO (OH), together with the iron oxides Goethite and Hematite, the clay mineral Kaolinite and small amounts of Anatase TiO2. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Strawberry Fields Forever " was intended for the album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (1967), but was instead released in February 1967 as a double A-side single with Paul McCartney's "Penny Lane ". --EOI-- The Beatles planned to issue "Strawberry Fields Forever " and "Penny Lane " as part of their next album, but EMI asked for a single at the beginning of 1967. The two songs were issued as a single, with "Penny Lane " as the A-side. --separator-- --simplificataion-- All the islands except La Gomera have been active in the last million years; four of them (Lanzarote, Tenerife, La Palma and El Hierro) have historical records of eruptions since European discovery. --EOI-- The seven islands are: La Palma, La Gomera, El Hierro, Tenerife, Gran Canaria, Lanzarote, and Fuerteventura. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In vertebrates, the small intestine is the part of the gastrointestinal tract (git) following the stomach and followed by the large intestine, and is where much of the digestion and absorption of food takes place. --EOI-- The small intestine is an intestine, and a part of many living beings. It lies between the stomach and the large intestine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The small intestine is where most chemical digestion takes place. Most of the digestive enzymes that act in the small intestine are secreted by the pancreas and enter the small intestine via the pancreatic duct. --EOI-- The small intestine is an intestine, and a part of many living beings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Secretion is the process of elaborating, releasing, and oozing chemicals, or a secreted chemical substance from a cell or gland. --EOI-- Secretion is the process of releasing chemicals from a cell, or a secreted chemical substance or amount of substance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Agricultural potential is generally poor, due to the natural infertility of soils and the prevalence of swamps and lakes left by departing ice sheets, and short growing seasons prohibit all but the hardiest of crops. --EOI-- Agricultural potential is generally poor, due to the natural infertility of soils and because of the many swamps and lakes left by departing ice sheets, and short growing seasons allow only the hardiest of crops. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The blood vessels are the part of the circulatory system that transport blood throughout the body. --EOI-- A blood vessel is a tube that carries blood. Blood vessels that take blood away from the heart are arteries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are three major types of blood vessels: the arteries, which carry the blood away from the heart; the capillaries, which enable the actual exchange of water and chemicals between the blood and the tissues; and the veins, which carry blood from the capillaries back toward the heart. --EOI-- Blood vessels that take blood to the heart are veins. Capillaries are located between veins and arteries and they supply tissue with blood and oxygen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They hunt mainly at night, and as they have poor eyesight, they use sensory nodes on their head and body to detect minute changes in water pressure, allowing them to detect their prey. --EOI-- They hunt mainly at night, and as they have poor eyesight, use sensory nodes on their head and body to detect tiny changes in water pressure, allowing them to find their prey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To produce sound, the player closes the top end of the pipe with the flesh between his chin and lower lip, and blows a stream of air downward, along the axis of the pipe, over an elliptical notch cut into the end. --EOI-- To make a sound, the player closes the top end of the pipe with the flesh between his chin and lower lip, and blows a stream of air downward, over a notch cut into the end. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A natural vegetation limit with altitude is given by the presence of the chief deciduous treesâ " oak, beech, ash and sycamore maple. --EOI-- The typical treesâ " oak, beech, ash and sycamore maple have a natural height limit: the` tree line'. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Treatment includes taking antacids or other medicines, such as proton pump inhibitors or antibiotics, and avoiding hot or spicy foods. --EOI-- Treatment includes taking antacids or other medicines, such as proton pump inhibitors or antibiotics, and avoiding hot or spicy foods. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Chronic causes are infection with bacteria, primarily Helicobacter pylori, chronic bile reflux, stress and certain autoimmune disorders can cause gastritis as well. --EOI-- Long term causes are infection with bacteria, mainly Helicobacter pylori. Certain diseases, such as pernicious anemia, chronic bile reflux, stress and certain autoimmune disorders can cause gastritis as well. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The main acute causes are excessive alcohol consumption or prolonged use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (also known as NSAIDs) such as aspirin or ibuprofen. --EOI-- The main causes are drinking too much alcohol, or using nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (also known as NSAIDs) such as aspirin or ibuprofen for too long. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sometimes gastritis develops after major surgery, traumatic injury, burns, or severe infections. --EOI-- Sometimes gastritis starts after major surgery, serious injury, burns, or infections. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other symptoms are indigestion, abdominal bloating, nausea, and vomiting and pernicious anemia. --EOI-- Other symptoms are indigestion, abdominal bloating, nausea, and vomiting. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Together with E. C. Kendall and P. S. Hench, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1950 for their work on hormones of the adrenal cortex which culminated in the isolation of cortisone. --EOI-- Together with E. C. Kendall and P. S. Hench, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1950 for their discovery of cortisone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Due to its place in the airway, swelling of this structure can interfere with breathing and constitutes a medical emergency. --EOI-- Due to its place in the airway, swelling of this can interfere with breathing and can set up a medical emergency. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Epiglottitis is inflammation of the epiglottis- the flap that sits at the base of the tongue, which keeps food from going into the trachea (windpipe). --EOI-- Epiglottitis is inflammation of the epiglottis, which is the flap that sits at the base of the tongue, which keeps food from going into the trachea (windpipe). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Altoids mints are As of 2007 available in nine flavors: peppermint, wintergreen, spearmint, cinnamon, ginger, liquorice, chocolate, crÃ me de menthe and cool honey. --EOI-- Mints are sold as squares and come in six flavors: Peppermint, Cinnamon, Wintergreen, Spearmint, Ginger, and liquorice. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This group, however, does contain typically eukaryotic organelles, such as golgi bodies, mitochondria and chloroplasts --EOI-- This group, however, does contain typically eukaryotic organelles, such as golgi complexes, mitochondria and chloroplasts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It has thick, coarse fur with color ranging from pale gray to brown; its throat, chest and belly have a paler color. --EOI-- It has thick, coarse fur with color ranging from pale gray to brown. It has a paler color on its throat, chest and belly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Use of dormice for food and fur and of dormouse fat as a medicament is documented there since the 13th century. --EOI-- Using dormice for food and fur is mentioned in documents which were written in the 13th century. They also mention the use of dormouse fat as a medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Each cnidocyte cell contains an organelle called a cnidocyst (or nematocyst), which comprises a bulb-shape capsule containing a coiled hollow thread-like structure attached to it. --EOI-- Each cell contains an organelle with a hollow, coiled, thread-like structure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This discharge takes no more than a few microseconds, and is able to reach accelerations of about 40,000 g. Recent research suggests the process to occur as fast as 700 nanoseconds, thus reaching an acceleration of up to 5,410,000 g. After penetration, the toxic content of the nematocyst is injected into the target organism. --EOI-- This takes no more than a few microseconds. After penetration, the toxic content of the nematocyst is injected into the target. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was originally thought that this parasite infected fish brains (hence the specific epithet cerebralis), however it quickly became apparent that while it can be found in the nervous system, it primarily infects cartilage and skeletal tissue. --EOI-- At first, people thought that this parasite infected fish brains, so they named it cerebralis, which means brain-related. Then, people found out that it mostly infects cartilage and bones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A 2002 study of 54 panhandlers in Toronto reported that of a median monthly income of$ 638 Canadian dollars (CAD), those interviewed spent a median of$ 200 CAD on food and$ 192 CAD on alcohol, tobacco and illegal drugs, according to Income and spending patterns among panhandlers, by Rohit Bose and Stephen W. Hwang. --EOI-- A 2002 study of 54 panhandlers in Toronto reported that of a median monthly income of$ 638 CAD, those interviewed spent a median of$ 200 CAD on food and$ 192 CAD on alcohol, tobacco and illegal drugs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Germ-X is the brand name of a line of antibacterial and antimicrobial products marketed in the United States. Germ-X products include instant hand sanitizer gels, foaming hand soap, and soft wipes. --EOI-- Germ-X is a brand of washless hand sanitizer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mercury (I) chloride (also known as calomel or mercurous chloride) has traditionally been used as a diuretic, topical disinfectant, and laxative. --EOI-- Mercury (I) chloride (also known as calomel or mercurous chloride) has been used as a diuretic, skin disinfectant, and laxative. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Blue mass, a pill or syrup in which mercury is the main ingredient, was prescribed throughout the 19th century for numerous conditions including constipation, depression, child-bearing and toothaches. --EOI-- Blue mass, a pill or syrup in which mercury is the main ingredient, was prescribed throughout the 1800s for different conditions such as constipation, depression, child-bearing and toothaches. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the early 20th century, mercury was administered to children yearly as a laxative and dewormer, and it was used in teething powders for infants. --EOI-- In the early 20th century, mercury was given to children once a year as a laxative and dewormer. Teething powders for infants also had it in them. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thiomersal (called Thimerosal in the United States) is an organic compound used as a preservative in vaccines, though this use is in decline. --EOI-- An organic mercury compound called thiomersal is used to preserve vaccines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One of China's emperors, QÃ n ShÇ HuÃ ng DÃâ " allegedly buried in a tomb that contained rivers of flowing mercury on a model of the land he ruled, representative of the rivers of Chinaâ " was killed by drinking a mercury and powdered jade mixture (causing liver failure, poisoning, and brain death) intended to give him eternal life. --EOI-- One of China's emperors, QÃ n ShÇ HuÃ ng DÃ, is said to have been buried in a tomb with rivers of flowing mercury. He was killed by drinking a mixture of mercury and powdered jade because he wanted to live forever. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Heating of mercury, or compounds of mercury that may decompose when heated, is always carried out with adequate ventilation in order to avoid exposure to mercury vapor. The most toxic forms of mercury are its organic compounds, such as dimethylmercury and methylmercury. --EOI-- Mercury (I) chloride is one of the most common mercury (I) compounds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since the 1930s some vaccines have contained the preservative thiomersal, which is metabolized or degraded to ethyl mercury. --EOI-- Since the 1930s some vaccines have contained the preservative thiomersal. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nevertheless thiomersal has been removed from or reduced to trace amounts in all U.S. vaccines recommended for children 6 years of age and under, with the exception of inactivated influenza vaccine. --EOI-- Because of this, thiomersal has been removed from most U.S. vaccines recommended for children six years of age and under. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mercury (II) chloride (also known as mercuric chloride or corrosive sublimate) was once used to treat syphilis (along with other mercury compounds), although it is so toxic that sometimes the symptoms of its toxicity were confused with those of the syphilis it was believed to treat. --EOI-- Together with other mercury compounds, Mercury (II) chloride (also known as mercuric chloride or corrosive sublimate) was used to treat syphilis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another mercury compound Merbromin (Mercurochrome) is a topical antiseptic used for minor cuts and scrapes is still in use in some countries. --EOI-- Merbromin, another organic mercury compound, is used as an antiseptic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because this process releases mercury, a small amount of mercury can "eat through " a large amount of aluminium over time, by progressively forming amalgam and relinquishing the aluminium as oxide. --EOI-- The aluminium oxide forms a solid and releases the mercury, which amalgamates more aluminium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mercury compounds are found in some over-the-counter drugs, including topical antiseptics, stimulant laxatives, diaper-rash ointment, eye drops, and nasal sprays. --EOI-- Mercury compounds are found in some over-the-counter drugs, including topical antiseptics, stimulant laxatives, diaper rash ointment, eye drops, and nasal sprays. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mercury dissolves to form amalgams with gold, zinc and many other metals. --EOI-- It can make amalgams when mixed with most metals, like aluminium, gold, and zinc. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its oval-shaped head features prominent whiskers, black-and-brown ears, and a koban, a gold oval coin (also known as "charm ") embedded in its forehead. --EOI-- It has whiskers, black-and-brown ears, and a gold coin on its head. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Endemol is an international television production and distribution company based in the Netherlands, with subsidiaries and joint ventures in 23 countries, including the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Mexico, Spain, Italy, Germany, Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Dominican Republic, Poland, Portugal, Russia, India, South Africa, Lebanon, Morocco, Philippines, Belgium, Turkey and Australia among others. --EOI-- The company has subsidiaries and joint ventures in 23 countries. These countries include the United Kingdom, the United States, France, Mexico, Spain, Italy, Germany, Argentina, Poland, Netherlands, India, South Africa, Lebanon, Morocco and Australia among others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is orange-red in color, melts at 320Â C, and burns with a bluish flame releasing fumes of arsenic and sulfur. --EOI-- It melts at 320Â C and burns with a blue flame, making arsenic and sulfur fumes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Folic acid (also known as vitamin B9, vitamin Bc or folacin) and folate (the naturally occurring form), as well as pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. --EOI-- Folic acid (also known as vitamin B9, vitamin Bc or folacin) and folate, as well as pteroyl-L-glutamic acid, pteroyl-L-glutamate, and pteroylmonoglutamic acid are forms of the water-soluble vitamin B9. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Examples include Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Dick Tracy, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Santa Clause, Remember the Titans, Sweet Home Alabama, Bringing Down the House, National Treasure, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, Dark Water, Hidalgo, Tales of Earthsea, and Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl. --EOI-- Examples include; Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Dick Tracy, The Rocketeer, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Santa Clause, Remember the Titans, Sweet Home Alabama, Bringing Down the House, National Treasure, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Exported Gouda has two varieties, the young Gouda cheese aged between 1 and 6 months, rich yellow in color and with a red or yellow paraffin wax coating. --EOI-- There are two varieties of Gouda for export: Young gouda, which is between one and six months old. Young gouda is usually sold with a yellow or red coating of paraffin wax. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While no species of tree is guaranteed to stand up to hurricane-force winds, those with shallow roots are more prone to uproot, and brittle trees such as eucalyptus, sea hibiscus, and avocado are more prone to damage. --EOI-- No species of tree can resist hurricane-force winds, but trees with roots that are not very deep can be blown over more easily. Trees such as eucalyptus, sea hibiscus, and avocado are brittle (easy to break) and are damanged more easily. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A five-year study of more than 2,000 middle-aged people in France found a possible link between weight and brain function, the findings of which were dubbed the "Homer Simpson syndrome ". --EOI-- A five-year study of more than 2,500 middle-aged people in France found a possible connection between weight and brain function, named as the "Homer Simpson syndrome ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- A hearing dog is a specific type of assistance dog specifically selected and trained to assist people who are deaf or hearing impaired by alerting their handler to important sounds, such as doorbells, smoke alarms, ringing telephones, or alarm clocks. --EOI-- The sounds can come from doorbells, smoke alarms, telephones, or alarm clocks. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They may also work outside the home, alerting to such sounds such as sirens, forklifts and a person calling the handler's name. --EOI-- The hearing dogs may work outside their owner's home and be trained to hear sounds like sirens, forklifts and a person calling the owner's name. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The class was built specifically for parcels, fitted out with parcel racks and bike storage at each end, and did not feature any passenger accommodation. --EOI-- The class was built specifically for parcels, and did not feature any passenger accommodation; fitted out with parcel racks and bike storages at each end. --separator-- --simplificataion-- More recent works, such as the Darwin's Radio\/ Darwin's Children pair of novels, which deal with the impact of a strange disease that appears to drive evolutionary transitions, stick closely to the known facts of molecular biology of viruses and evolution. --EOI-- More recent works, such as the two novels Darwin's Radio and Darwin's Children stick closely to the known facts of molecular biology of viruses and evolution. These books are about the impact of a strange disease that appears to make evolutionary transitions happen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The biodiesel made from mustard oil has good cold flow properties and cetane ratings. --EOI-- The biodiesel made from mustard oil has good cold flow properties and cetane ratings. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the 14th century Black Death, demand for saffron-based medicine skyrocketed, and much saffron had to be imported via Venetian and Genoan ships from southern and Mediterranean lands such as Rhodes. --EOI-- During the 14th century Black Death, there was a huge increase in demand for saffron-based medicine. Much saffron had to be imported by Venetian and Genoan ships from southern and Mediterranean lands such as Rhodes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Roughly 150 flowers yield 1 g of dry saffron threads; to produce 12 g of dried saffron (72 g freshly harvested), 1 kg of flowers are needed (1 lb for 0.2 oz of dried saffron). --EOI-- From 150 flowers, the farmer can get about 1 g of dry saffron threads. To produce 12 g of dried saffron (72 g freshly harvested) would take about 1 kg of flowers (1 lb for 0.2 oz of dried saffron). --separator-- --simplificataion-- At such sites, saffron threads were woven into textiles, ritually offered to divinities, and used in dyes, perfumes, medicines, and body washes. --EOI-- Sometimes saffron threads were woven into textiles,. They were given as offerings to the gods and used in dyes, perfumes, medicines, and body washes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Spain's varieties, including the tradenames` Spanish Superior' and` Creme', are generally mellower in color, flavor, and aroma; they are graded by government-imposed standards. --EOI-- Spain's varieties, including the tradenames` Spanish Superior' and` Creme', are generally mellower in color, flavor, and aroma; they are graded by government-imposed standards. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Typical methods include mixing in extraneous substances like beets, pomegranate fibers, red-dyed silk fibers, or the saffron crocus's tasteless and odorless yellow stamens. --EOI-- Typical methods include mixing in extraneous substances like beet, pomegranate fibers, red-dyed silk fibers, or the saffron crocus's tasteless and odorless yellow stamens. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Being sterile, the plant's purple flowers fail to produce viable seeds; reproduction depends on human assistance: corms, underground bulb-like starch-storing organs, must be dug up, broken apart, and replanted. --EOI-- This means that reproduction needs human help. The corms (underground bulb-like starch-storing organs) must be dug up, broken apart, and planted again. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aulus Cornelius Celsus prescribes saffron in medicines for wounds, cough, colic, and scabies, and in the mithridatium. --EOI-- Aulus Cornelius Celsus prescribes saffron in medicines for wounds, cough, colic, and scabies, and in the mithridatium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the APG classification, well-known members of Rosales include: roses; strawberries, blackberries and raspberries; apples and pears; plums, peaches and apricots; almonds; rowan and hawthorn; elms; figs; nettles; and hops and cannabis. --EOI-- Some well-known members of Rosales include: roses; strawberries, blackberries and raspberries; apples and pears; plums, peaches and apricots; almonds; rowan and hawthorn; elms; figs; nettles; and hops and cannabis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since 2007, the band has been composed of actor Jared Leto (lead vocals, rhythm guitar, songwriter), Shannon Leto (drums, percussion) and Tomo MiliÄ eviÄ (lead guitar, keyboards). --EOI-- The current members of the band are Jared Leto (lead vocals), Tomo MiliÄ eviÄ (lead guitar) and Shannon Leto (drummer). --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was probably an active bipedal predator, hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each hind foot. --EOI-- It was probably an active predator, hunting with the large sickle-shaped claw on the second toe of each foot. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It refers to the large Achilles tendon needed to use the sickle claw on the foot, which was the major combat organ of dromaeosaurids. --EOI-- It refers to the large Achilles tendon needed to use the sickle claw on the foot, which was the major weapon of dromaeosaurids. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Inclusion conjunctivitis of the newborn (ICN) is a conjunctivitis that may be caused by the bacteria Chlamydia trachomatis, and may lead to acute, purulent conjunctivitis. --EOI-- The cause of conjunctivitis can be either bacterial or viral infection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A paw is the soft foot of a mammal, generally a quadruped, that has claws or nails. --EOI-- A paw is the soft foot of a mammal that has claws or nails. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Aurochs also had several features rarely seen in modern cattle, such as lyre-shaped horns set at a forward angle, a pale stripe down the spine, and sexual dimorphism of coat color. --EOI-- Aurochs also had several features not often seen in modern cattle, such as lyre-shaped horns set at a forward angle, a pale stripe down the spine, and different color according to the gender. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An easy method for preparing potassium manganate in the laboratory involves heating crystals or powder of pure potassium permanganate. --EOI-- This makes potassium manganate. Normally the potassium manganate is converted to potassium permanganate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some tablets are inscribed with nothing more than the names of the targets, leading to the supposition that an oral spell may have accompanied the manufacture of the curse. --EOI-- Some tablets are inscribed with nothing more than the names of the targets. Some people think that an oral spell may have accompanied the making of the curse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Those curse tablets targeted at thieves or other criminals may have been more public, more acceptable; some scholars even refuse to apply the word "curse " to such "positive " texts, preferring expressions such as "judicial prayers ". --EOI-- Those curse tablets targeted at thieves or other criminals may have been more public, more acceptable; some scholars even refuse to use the word "curse " of such "positive " texts, preferring expressions such as "judicial prayers ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- A curse tablet or binding spell (defixio in Latin,ÎÎÏÎÎÎÏÎ 1\/4ÎÏ katadesmos in Greek) is a type of curse found throughout the Graeco-Roman world, in which someone would ask the gods to do harm to others. --EOI-- A curse tablet or binding spell (defixio in Latin,ÎÎÏÎÎÎÏÎ 1\/4ÎÏ katadesmos in Greek) is a type of curse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An Emergency medical dispatcher is a professional telecommunicator, tasked with the gathering of information related to medical emergencies, the provision of assistance and instructions by voice, prior to the arrival of Emergency Medical Services, and the dispatching and support of EMS resources responding to an emergency call. The term Emergency Medical Dispatcher is also a certification level and a professional designation, certified through the Association of Public-Safety Communications Officials-International (APCO), the National Academies of Emergency Dispatch, and PowerPhone, Inc.. --EOI-- An Emergency medical dispatcher is a person trained to gather information in the case of a medical emergency. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A number of specialized types of neurons exist: sensory neurons respond to touch, sound, light and numerous other stimuli affecting cells of the sensory organs that then send signals to the spinal cord and brain. Motor neurons receive signals from the brain and spinal cord, cause muscle contractions, and affect glands. --EOI-- Sensory neurons carry signals from sense organs to the spinal cord and brain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As they walked towards their limousine on the curb, Chapman shook hands with Lennon and held out a copy of Lennon's new album, Double Fantasy, for him to sign. Photographer Paul Goresh was present when Lennon signed Chapman's album and took a photo of the event. --EOI-- Lennon signed a copy of Double Fantasy for Chapman, and a photographer took a picture of the two men together. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In IUPAC nomenclature, acetyl is called ethanoyl, although this term is rarely heard. The acetyl moiety is a component of many organic compounds, including the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, acetyl-CoA, acetylcysteine, and the analgesics acetaminophen and acetylsalicylic acid (better known as aspirin). --EOI-- The acetyl group is part of any organic compounds such as acetylcholine and acetyl-CoA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After entering the Gulf of Mexico, Alex became very large and encountered conditions favorable for slow development. Early on June 30, the cyclone attained hurricane status as it approached northeastern Mexico, the first June hurricane in the Atlantic basin since Hurricane Allison in 1995; the storm rapidly intensified just off the coast of Tamaulipas, and struck near Soto la Marina as a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale. --EOI-- After entering the Gulf of Mexico, Alex became a hurricane and struck northeast Mexico; it was the first hurricane in June since Hurricane Allison in 1995. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bartonella rochalimae is a recently discovered strain of Gram-negative bacteria in the Bartonella genus, isolated by researchers at the University of California at San Francisco (UCSF), Massachusetts General Hospital, and the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. --EOI-- Bartonella rochalimae is a recently discovered strain of Gram-negative bacteria. It is a member of the Bartonella genus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Yorkshire pudding is made from a similar recipe, but baked instead of fried. This batter rises because the air beaten into the batter expands, without the need for baking powder; the result is eaten as part of the traditional roast beef dinner. --EOI-- When baked instead of fried, this batter rises (even though it has no raising agents such as baking powder, it rises because the air beaten into the batter expands) and is known as Yorkshire pudding. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Beside the usual thin pancakes, called pannkakor, which resembles the French crÃ pes and, often served with whipped cream and jam, are eaten for lunch on Thursdays with pea soup, the Swedish cuisine has plÃ ttar which resemble tiny English pancakes, and are fried several at a time in a special pan. Others resemble German pancakes but include fried pork in the batter; these are baked in the oven. --EOI-- Some resemble British pancakes with a tiny diameter; these are called plÃ ttar, and they are fried several at a time in a special pan. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Intel Core Solo (product code 80538) uses the same two-core die as the Core Duo, but features only one active core. --EOI-- The Intel Core Solo uses two-cores die as a Core Duo, but one core is turned off. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A fader can be either analog, directly controlling the resistance or impedance to the source (e.g. a Potentiometer); or digital, numerically controlling a digital signal processor (DSP). --EOI-- A fader can be either analog, directly controlling the resistance or impedance to the source (e.g. a Potentiometer); or digital, numerically controlling a digital signal processor (DSP). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ass to mouth is a common colloquial term used for the removal of the penis from the passive partner's anus followed by the immediate insertion of the penis into the passive partner's or another partner's mouth. --EOI-- Ass to mouth is a common term that describes one partner removing his penis from the anus, and inserting it into his partner's or another person's mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- ; Chemical pneumonia Chemical pneumonia (usually called chemical pneumonitis) is caused by chemical toxicants such as pesticides, which may enter the body by inhalation or by skin contact. --EOI-- Chemical pneumonia (usually called chemical pneumonitis) is caused by chemical toxins such as pesticides, which may enter the body by inhalation or by skin contact. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Less classically, stand-up comedy, oratory, debate, etc., are also performing arts; and the term also includes all of the various forms, subforms, elements, and variations of the foregoing, such as oral interpretation, marching band, and so on. --EOI-- Stand-up comedy, oratory, debate are also performing arts. The term also includes all of the various elements, and variations of the foregoing, such as oral interpretation, marching band, and so on. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Australian Black Swan (Cygnus atratus) is completely black except for the white flight feathers on its wings; the chicks of black swans are light gray in color, and the South American Black-necked Swan has a black neck. --EOI-- The Black Necked Swan is white but it has a black neck. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Titles marked with a star (\*) were only released edited; Saludos Amigos had a paint-over to remove a cigarette from Goofy's mouth, Melody Time had a paint-over and cut to remove a cigarette from Pecos Bill's mouth, and Make Mine Music was only released with 9 of the original 10 animated shorts: The Martins and the Coys was removed for containing scenes with guns. --EOI-- Titles marked with a star (\*) were only released edited; Saludos Amigos had a paint-over to remove a cigarette from Goofy's mouth, Melody Time had a paint-over and cut to remove a cigarette from Pecos Bill's mouth, and Make Mine Music was only released with 9 of the original 10 animated shorts: The Martins and the Coys was removed for containing scenes with guns. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Graves' disease is an autoimmune disease where the thyroid is overactive, producing an excessive amount of thyroid hormones (a serious metabolic imbalance known as hyperthyroidism and thyrotoxicosis). --EOI-- Graves' disease' is an autoimmune disease of the thyroid. In people affected by the disease, the thyroid produces a bigger quantity of hormones than normal, which is commonly known as hyperthyroidism. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A common foliar disease of basil is gray mold caused by Botrytis cinerea; it can also cause infections post-harvest and is capable of killing the entire plant. --EOI-- A common foliar disease of basil is gray mold caused by Botrytis cinerea, can also cause infections post-harvest and is capable of killing the entire plant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The dried herb also loses most of its flavor, and what little flavor remains tastes very different, with a weak coumarin flavor, like hay. --EOI-- The dried herb also loses most of its flavor, and what little flavor remains tastes very different, with a weak coumarin flavor, like hay. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because only the blooming stem is so affected, some stems can be pinched for leaf production, while others are left to bloom for decoration or seeds. --EOI-- Because only the blooming stem is so affected, some can be pinched for leaf production, while others are left to bloom for decoration or seeds. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like other chameleons, this species has a long tongue, feet that are shaped into bifid claspers, a prehensile tail, independent eye movement and the ability to change skin color. --EOI-- Like other chameleons, this species has a long tongue, feet that are shaped into bifid claspers and a prehensile tail. --separator-- --simplificataion-- To be, contents his natural desire; He asks no angel's wing, no seraph's fire: But thinks, admitted to that equal sky, His faithful dog shall bear him company. --EOI-- \/ To be, contents his natural desire;\/ He asks no angel's wing, no seraph's fire:\/ But thinks, admitted to that equal sky,\/ His faithful dog shall bear him company. --separator-- --simplificataion-- whose untutor'd mind Sees God in clouds, or hears him in the wind; His soul proud Science never taught to stray Far as the solar walk or milky way; Yet simple Nature to his hope has giv` n, Behind the cloud-topp'd hill, a humbler heav` n; Some safer world in depth of woods embrac'd, Some happier island in the wat` ry waste, Where slaves once more their native land behold, No fiends torment, no Christians thirst for gold! --EOI-- whose untutor'd mind\/ Sees God in clouds, or hears him in the wind;\/ His soul proud Science never taught to stray\/ Far as the solar walk or milky way;\/ Yet simple Nature to his hope has giv` n,\/ Behind the cloud-topp'd hill, a humbler heav` n;\/ Some safer world in depth of woods embrac'd,\/ Some happier island in the wat` ry waste,\/ Where slaves once more their native land behold,\/ No fiends torment, no Christians thirst for gold! --separator-- --simplificataion-- One Scottish writer described his Highland countrymen this way: They greatly excel the Lowlanders in all the exercises that require agility; they are incredibly abstemious, and patient of hunger and fatigue; so steeled against the weather, that in traveling, even when the ground is covered with snow, they never look for a house, or any other shelter but their plaid, in which they wrap themselves up, and go to sleep under the cope of heaven. --EOI-- They greatly excel the Lowlanders in all the exercises that require agility; they are incredibly abstemious, and patient of hunger and fatigue; so steeled against the weather, that in traveling, even when the ground is covered with snow, they never look for a house, or any other shelter but their plaid, in which they wrap themselves up, and go to sleep under the cope of heaven. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The face is a central sense organ complex, for those animals that have one, normally on the ventral surface of the head, and can, depending on the definition in the human case, include the hair, forehead, eyebrow, eyelashes, eyes, nose, ears, cheeks, mouth, lips, philtrum, teeth, skin, and chin. --EOI-- In the human case, include the hair, forehead, eyebrow, eyelash, eyes, nose, ears, cheeks, mouth, lips, teeth, skin, and chin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In this latter sense, the pilot fish is sometimes used as a metaphor or simile; "they are like the pilot fish to the shark, serving to lead him to his victim ". --EOI-- Pilot fish follow sharks because other animals which might eat the pilot fish will not come near a shark. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Whatever the veracity of such reports, it is extremely rare that a shark will feed on a pilot fish, and smaller pilot fish are frequently observed swimming into sharks' mouths to clean away fragments of food from between their teeth. --EOI-- Pilot fish follow sharks because other animals which might eat the pilot fish will not come near a shark. In return, sharks do not eat pilot fish because pilot fish eat the parasites which feed off sharks. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Also according to al-Din Genghis's Borjigid clan, had a legend involving their origins: it began as the result of an affair between Alan-ko and a stranger to her land, a glittering man who happened to have red hair and bluish-green eyes. --EOI-- Also according to al-Din Genghis's Borjigid clan, had a legend involving their origins: it began as the result of an affair between Alan-ko and a stranger to her land, a glittering man who happened to have red hair and bluish-green eyes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Signs of rabies include foaming at the mouth, self-mutilation, growling, jerky behavior, and red eyes. --EOI-- Signs of rabies include foaming at the mouth, self-mutilation, growling, jerky behavior, and red eyes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bite wounds are washed, ideally with povidone-iodine soap and water. --EOI-- Bite wounds should be washed, ideally with povidone-iodine soap and water. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Finely ground marble or calcium carbonate powder is a component in paper, and in consumer products such as toothpaste, plastics, and paints. --EOI-- Finely ground marble powder is a component in paints, toothpaste, and plastics; calcium carbonate can also be reduced under high heat to calcium oxide (also known as "lime "), which has many applications including being a primary component of most cements. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When two causes of anemia act simultaneously, e.g., macrocytic hypochromic, due to hookworm infestation leading to deficiency of both iron and vitamin B12 or folic acid or following a blood transfusion more than one abnormality of red cell indices may be seen. --EOI-- For example, macrocytic hypochromic, due to hookworm infestation leading to not enough of both iron and vitamin B12 or folic acid or following a blood transfusion. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The modern preparation entails the reaction of fluorine with a dilute aqueous solution of sodium hydroxide, with sodium fluoride as a side-product: --EOI-- Nowadays, it is prepared by the reaction of fluorine with a dilute aqueous solution of sodium hydroxide. Sodium fluoride is left as a side-product: --separator-- --simplificataion-- Oxygen difluoride was first reported in 1929; it was obtained by the electrolysis of molten potassium fluoride and hydrofluoric acid containing small quantities of water. --EOI-- Oxygen difluoride was first prepared in 1929. It was made by the electrolysis of molten potassium fluoride and hydrofluoric acid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nonmetals also react: phosphorus reacts with OF2 to form PF5 and POF3; sulfur gives SO2 and SF4; and unusually for a noble gas, xenon reacts, yielding XeF4 and xenon oxyfluorides. --EOI-- Phosphorus reacts with OF2 to form PF5 and POF3. Sulfur produces SO2 and SF4 with it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some pathogens (such as the bacterium Yersinia pestis which may have caused the Black Plague, the Variola virus, and the Malaria protozoa) have been responsible for massive numbers of casualties and have had numerous effects on afflicted groups. --EOI-- Some pathogens (such as the bacterium Yersinia pestis which may have caused the Black Plague, the Variola virus, and the malarial protozoa) have been responsible for massive numbers of casualties. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, if the immune system or "good " bacteria is damaged in any way (such as by chemotherapy, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), or antibiotics being taken to kill other pathogens), pathogenic bacteria that were being held at bay can proliferate and cause harm to the host. --EOI-- However, if the immune system or "good " bacteria is damaged in any way (such as by chemotherapy, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), or antibiotics being taken to kill other pathogens), pathogenic bacteria that were being held at bay can proliferate and cause harm to the host. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, the core of Dowding's system was implemented by Dowding himself: the use of Radio Direction Finding (RDF, later called radar, for radio detection and ranging) was at his behest, and its use, supplemented by information by the ROC, was crucial to the RAF's ability to efficiently intercept incoming German aircraft. --EOI-- The core of Dowding's system was the use of Radio Direction Finding (RDF, later called radar, for radio detection and ranging). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Plantains are a staple food in the tropical regions of the world, treated in much the same way as potatoes and with a similar neutral flavor and texture when the unripe fruit is cooked by steaming, boiling or frying. --EOI-- Plantains are a staple food in tropical regions, treated similarly to potatoes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In Guatemala, Peru, El Salvador, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama, and Colombia, plantain leaves are usually used to wrap tamales before and while cooking, and they can be used to wrap any kind of seasoned meat while cooking to keep the flavor in. --EOI-- In Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama, and Colombia, these are usually used to wrap tamales before and while cooking, and they can be used to wrap any kind of seasoned meat while cooking to keep the flavor in. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They had four childrenâ " Linda's daughter Heather (who was adopted by Paul), Mary, Stella and Jamesâ " and remained married until Linda's death from breast cancer in 1998. --EOI-- She had a daughter, Heather, whom he adopted. McCartney and Linda had three more children together, named Mary, Stella and James. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They had less vinegar than modern ketchups; by pickling ripe tomatoes, the need for benzoate was eliminated without spoilage or degradation in flavor. --EOI-- They were less vinegary than modern ketchups. By pickling ripe tomatoes, the need for benzoate was eliminated. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Harvey W. Wiley, the "father " of the Food and Drug Administration in the U.S., challenged the safety of benzoate which was banned in the 1906 Pure Food and Drug Act. --EOI-- Harvey W. Wiley challenged the safety of benzoate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Modern ketchup emerged in the early years of the 20th century, out of a debate over the use of sodium benzoate as a preservative in condiments. --EOI-- Modern ketchup emerged in the early years of the 20th century. This came from a debate over the use of sodium benzoate as a preservative in condiments. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Consequently, it has been suspected that Gastornis was an ambush hunter and\/or used pack hunting techniques to pursue or ambush prey; if Gastornis was a predator, it would have certainly needed some other means of hunting prey through the dense forest. --EOI-- It may be that Gastornis was an ambush hunter, or used pack hunting techniques to pursue or ambush prey. If Gastornis was a predator, it would have needed some means of hunting prey through the dense forest. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition to products to contain the menstrual flow, pharmaceutical companies likewise provide products-- commonly non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs)-- to relieve menstrual cramps. --EOI-- In addition to products to contain the menstrual flow, pharmaceutical companies likewise provide productsâ " commonly non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs)â " to relieve menstrual cramps. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In time of storm it awaits the stroke of the axe which is` the thunderclap'...` To be wrecked on the Casquets is to be cut into ribbons; to strike on the Ortac is to be crushed into powder... On a straight frontage, such of that of the Ortac, neither the wave nor the cannon ball can ricochet... if the wave carries the vessel on the rock she breaks on it, and is lost... --EOI-- In time of storm it awaits the stroke of the axe which is` the thunderclap'...` To be wrecked on the Casquets is to be cut into ribbons; to strike on the Ortac is to be crushed into powder... On a straight frontage, such of that of the Ortac, neither the wave nor the cannon ball can ricochet... if the wave carries the vessel on the rock she breaks on it, and is lost... --separator-- --simplificataion-- The bones of the hand were fused together, as in modern birds, and a ridge on the ulna (lower arm bone) was interpreted as an attachment point for feathers by Kurzanov. --EOI-- The bones of the hand were fused together, as in modern birds, and a ridge on the ulna (lower arm bone) was interpreted as an attachment point for feathers by Kurzanov. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Atropine is a core medicine in the World Health Organization's "Essential Drugs List ", which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. --EOI-- Atropine is a core medicine in the World Health Organization's "Essential Drugs List ", which is a list of minimum medical needs for a basic health care system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pathogenesis in pulmonary venous hypertension (WHO Group II) is completely different. --EOI-- This causes pulmonary venous hypertension. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pulmonary venous hypertension is exceedingly common, since it occurs in most patients symptomatic with congestive heart failure. --EOI-- The most common cause of pulmonary hypertension is left heart failure. This causes pulmonary venous hypertension. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In medicine, pulmonary hypertension (PH) is an increase in blood pressure in the pulmonary artery, pulmonary vein, or pulmonary capillaries, together known as the lung vasculature, leading to shortness of breath, dizziness, fainting, and other symptoms, all of which are exacerbated by exertion. Pulmonary hypertension can be a severe disease with a markedly decreased exercise tolerance and heart failure. --EOI-- The most common cause of pulmonary hypertension is left heart failure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Whatever the initial cause, pulmonary arterial hypertension (WHO Group I) involves the vasoconstriction or tightening of blood vessels connected to and within the lungs. --EOI-- In pulmonary hypertension, the blood vessels in the lungs become too narrow. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In hypoxic pulmonary hypertension (WHO Group III), the low levels of oxygen are thought to cause vasoconstriction or tightening of pulmonary arteries. This leads to a similar pathophysiology as pulmonary arterial hypertension. --EOI-- When a person has pulmonary hypertension without any other cause, this is called idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension or IPAH. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Instead, the left heart fails to pump blood efficiently, leading to pooling of blood in the lungs. --EOI-- The blood pressure in the lungs becomes high. The heart works very hard to pump blood through the narrow blood vessels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Therefore it becomes harder and harder for the left side of the heart to pump to supply sufficient oxygen to the rest of the body, especially during physical activity. --EOI-- The heart must work harder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fielding first met Barratt after seeing him perform his solo stand-up routine at the Hellfire Comedy Club in the Wycombe Swan theater. --EOI-- Fielding first met Barratt after seeing him perform his solo stand-up performance at the Hellfire Comedy Club in the Wycombe Swan theater. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like other organs of the lymphatic system, some believe them to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections, but there is no conclusive evidence to that effect. --EOI-- In particular, they are believed to be involved in helping fight off pharyngeal and upper respiratory tract infections. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The human palatine tonsils and the nasopharyngeal tonsil are lymphoepithelial tissues located near the oropharynx and nasopharynx, although most commonly the term "tonsils " refers to the palatine tonsils (that can be seen in the back of the throat). --EOI-- Most commonly, the term "tonsils " refers to the palatine tonsils that can be seen in the back of the throat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An inflammation of the tonsils is called tonsillitis, which causes one's tonsils to become sore and swollen. --EOI-- An infection of the tonsils is called tonsillitis or Tonsilitis. Most commonly, the term "tonsils " refers to the palatine tonsils that can be seen in the back of the throat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tetanus toxin is the neurotoxin produced by the vegetative cell of Clostridium tetani in anaerobic conditions, causing tetanus. --EOI-- Tetanospasmin is the neurotoxin produced by the vegetative spore of Clostridium tetani in anaerobic conditions, causing tetanus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lymph nodes are located at intervals along the lymphatic system. Several afferent lymph vessels bring in lymph, which percolates through the substance of the lymph node, and is drained out by an efferent lymph vessel. --EOI-- The lymphatic system is a complex network of lymphoid organs, lymph nodes, lymph ducts, lymph tissues, lymph capillaries, and lymph vessels that make and transport lymph fluid from tissue to the circulatory system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A flood basalt or trap basalt is the result of a giant volcanic eruption or series of eruptions that coats large stretches of land or the ocean floor with basalt lava. --EOI-- A flood basalt or trap basalt is the result of a giant volcanic eruption or series of eruptions that coats large stretches of land or the ocean floor with basalt lava. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The eastern half consists of the tract known as the Nala, which includes, along with a number of low hills and much broken country, a considerable area of fairly good level land, portions of which are irrigated from wells and by cuts from the Haro and other smaller streams. --EOI-- The eastern half consists of the tract known as the Nala, which includes, along with a number of low hills and much broken country, a considerable area of fairly good level land, portions of which are irrigated from wells and by cuts from the Haro and other smaller streams. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Nobel Prize in Physics is awarded once a year by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895 and awarded since 1901; the others are the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Literature, Nobel Peace Prize, and Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. --EOI-- The Nobel Prize in Physics is a Nobel Prize in the science of Physics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This can be overcome by using pins and input meant for the second joystick (i.e. button 5 through 8 are mapped to the signals to the axis pins meant for the second joystick- resulting in the issue of the two buttons mapped to the same axis being not simultaneously usable), using some normally "unused " pins, or changing the joystick's circuits (and related software) to read a 4-bit state code from the four button inputs, thus giving up to 16 button combinations (albeit with some limitations e.g. some buttons may not be held down) or a combination of both techniques. --EOI-- This can be overcome by using pins and input meant for the second joystick (i.e. button 5 through 8 are mapped to the signals to the axis pins meant for the second joystick- resulting in the issue of the two buttons mapped to the same axis being not simultaneously usable), using some normally "unused " pins, or changing the joystick's circuits (and related software) to read a 4-bit state code from the four button inputs, thus giving up to 16 button combinations (albeit with some limitations e.g. some buttons may not be held down) or a combination of both techniques. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The typical implementation of a game port uses a capacitor and a simple voltage comparator, which together form a sort of crude ramp-compare ADC, which needs to be periodically polled and reset at precise moments to read an input, something that must be done several times (generally above 30) per second to provide a responsive game input, and the actual acquisition frequency and value typically depend on the joystick's internal resistance, noise, CPU speed and the total joystick-capacitor's RC time constant. --EOI-- This must be done more than 30 times every second to provide a responsive game input. The actual acquisition frequency and value usually depend on the joystick's resistance inside, noise, CPU speed and the total joystick-capacitor's RC time constant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Thermometers are another application of thermal expansionâ " most contain a liquid (usually mercury or alcohol) which is constrained to flow in only one direction (along the tube) due to changes in volume brought about by changes in temperature. --EOI-- Thermometers are an example of an application of thermal expansionâ "they contain a liquid which is constrained to flow in only one direction (along the tube) due to changes in volume brought about by changes in temperature. --separator-- --simplificataion-- St Albans has a thriving cultural life, with regular concerts and theater productions held at venues including St Albans Abbey, Maltings Arts Theatre, the Alban Arena, the Abbey Theatre, St Peter's Church and St Saviour's Church, given by numerous organizations including St Albans Bach Choir, St Albans Cathedral Choir, St Albans Abbey Girl's Choir, St Albans Symphony Orchestra, St Albans Chamber Choir, St Albans Chamber Opera, The Company of Ten, St Albans Choral Society, and St Albans Organ Theatre. --EOI-- St Albans is the main urban area of the City and District of St Albans in Hertfordshire, England. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nasal bones are two small oblong bones, varying in size and form in different individuals; they are placed side by side at the middle and upper part of the face, and form, by their junction, "the bridge " of the nose. --EOI-- The nasal bones are two small oblong bones located in the human skull. Their size and form differs among individuals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 1833, following tribal feuding, the Al Maktoum dynasty (also descendants of the House of Al-Falasi) of the Bani Yas tribe left their ancestral home of the Liwa Oasis, South-west of the settlement of Abu Dhabi and quickly took over Dubai from the Abu Fasala clan without resistance. --EOI-- In 1833, the Al Maktoum dynasty of the Bani Yas tribe left Abu Dhabi and took over Dubai "without resistance ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- The spiciest of all the variants, Cajun andouille is made of butt or shank meat and fat, seasoned with salt, cracked black pepper, and garlic, and smoked over pecan wood and sugar cane for up to seven or eight hours at approximately 175Â F (80Â C). --EOI-- Cajun has extra salt, black pepper, and garlic. Andouille makers smoke the sausages over pecan wood and sugar cane for a maximum of seven or eight hours, at about 175 degrees Fahrenheit (80 degrees Celsius). --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the level of respiration is inappropriate for the body's status then dyspnea might occur. It is worth noting that there is a psychological component of dyspnea as well, as some people may become aware of their breathing in such circumstances but not experience the distress typical of dyspnea. --EOI-- There are many different causes of dyspnea. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fats consist of a wide group of compounds that are generally soluble in organic solvents and largely insoluble in water. --EOI-- Fats are usually not soluble in water, but they can be dissolved in other organic solvents. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A fumarole (Latin fumus, smoke) is an opening in a planet's crust, often in the neighborhood of volcanoes, which emits steam and gases such as carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, hydrochloric acid, and hydrogen sulfide. --EOI-- A fumarole (Latin fumus, smoke) is an opening in the crust of the Earth, often in the neighborhood of volcanoes, where steam and gases come out, for instance carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, hydrochloric acid, and hydrogen sulfide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He also wrote in the Illustrated London News that he had "been compelled, by laborious literary occupation, to abandon the practice of chess, beyond the indulgence of an occasional game... If Mr. Morphyâ " for whose skill we entertain the liveliest admirationâ " be desirous to win his spurs among the chess chivalry of Europe, he must take advantage of his purposed visit next year; he will then meet in this country, in France, in Germany and in Russia, many champions... ready to test and do honor to his prowess. " --EOI-- He also wrote in the Illustrated London News that he "had been compelled, by laborious literary occupation, to abandon the practice of chess, beyond the indulgence of an occasional game... If Mr. Morphyâ "for whose skill we entertain the liveliest admirationâ "be desirous to win his spurs among the chess chivalry of Europe, he must take advantage of his purposed visit next year; he will then meet in this country, in France, in Germany and in Russia, many champions... ready to test and do honor to his prowess ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- To allow them to regain their memories, NaminÃ puts Sora, Donald, and Goofy to sleep for a year; in the process, they must lose the memories of their experience in Castle Oblivion. --EOI-- The group built Castle Oblivion to erase Sora's memories and trick him into joining them. In the end, NaminÃ tells Sora she erased his memories, and gives him the choice to keep his new memories or have his old ones restored. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The game picks up after the events of Kingdom Hearts II, focusing this time on King Mickey, Donald, Goofy and Jiminy Cricket, who discover a mysterious sentence in Jiminy's journal and subsequently digitize the journal's contents to find the one responsible. --EOI-- The game picks up after Kingdom Hearts II, focusing this time on King Mickey, Donald, Goofy and Jiminy Cricket, who discover a mysterious sentence in Jiminy's journal and then digitize the journal's contents to find the one responsible. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Rheumatism or rheumatic disorder is a non-specific term for medical problems affecting the joints and connective tissue. --EOI-- Rheumatism or Rheumatic disorder is a general term for medical problems that can hurt the heart, bones, joints, kidney, skin and lung. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Similarly, throughout the character's long history, there have been several different origin tales; they most commonly depict him as falling into a tank of chemical waste, which bleaches his skin and turns his hair green and his lips bright red, giving him the appearance of a clown. --EOI-- Throughout the character's long history, there have been several different origin tales; they most commonly depict him as falling into a vat of chemical waste, which bleaches his skin and turns his hair green and his lips bright red, giving him the appearance of a clown. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The post of DCI was established by President Harry Truman on January 23, 1946, with Admiral Sidney Souers occupying the position; it thus predates the establishment of the Central Intelligence Agency. --EOI-- The Office of United States Director of Central Intelligence (DCI) was established by U.S. President Harry Truman on January 23 1946 with Admiral Sidney Souers occupying the position. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Metal arsenides react with acids to form highly toxic arsine gas. --EOI-- Arsenides react with acids to make arsine gas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Industrial production of selenium often involves the extraction of selenium dioxide from residues obtained during the purification of copper. Common production begins by oxidation with sodium carbonate to produce selenium dioxide. --EOI-- Selenium is made by oxidizing selenide ores to selenium dioxide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In plants, it occurs as a bystander mineral, sometimes in toxic proportions in forage (some plants may accumulate selenium as a defense against being eaten by animals, but other plants such as locoweed require selenium, and their growth indicates the presence of selenium in soil). --EOI-- Sometimes selenium is concentrated in plants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The selenium dioxide is then mixed with water and the solution is acidified to form selenous acid (oxidation step). Selenous acid is bubbled with sulfur dioxide (reduction step) to give elemental selenium. --EOI-- The selenium dioxide is dissolved in acidic water to make selenous acid, which is reacted with sulfur dioxide to make selenium as an element. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other selenides include mercury selenide (HgSe), lead selenide (PbSe), and zinc selenide (ZnSe). --EOI-- Hydrogen selenide is the acid made from selenide ion. Selenium also reacts with reactive metals to make selenides, such as sodium selenide or aluminium selenide. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is because a male cat's penis has a band of about 120â "150 backwards-pointing spines, which are about one millimeter long; upon withdrawal of the penis, the spines rake the walls of the female's vagina, which is a trigger for ovulation. --EOI-- This is because a male cat's penis has a band of about 120-150 backwards-pointing spines, which are about one millimeter long; upon withdrawal of the penis, the spines rake the walls of the female's vagina, which is a trigger for ovulation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After mating, the female will wash her vulva thoroughly. --EOI-- After mating, the female will wash her vulva thoroughly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The low fitness of the hybrids would cause selection to favor assortative mating, which would control hybridization. --EOI-- The low fitness of the hybrids would cause selection to favor assortative mating, which would reduce hybridization. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Diane Dodd was also able to show how reproductive isolation can develop from mating preferences in Drosophila pseudoobscura fruit flies after only eight generations using different food types, starch and maltose. --EOI-- Diane Dodd was also able to show how reproductive isolation can develop from mating preferences in Drosophila pseudoobscura after only eight generations using different food types, starch and maltose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some evidence, such as the fact that six out of thirteen allozyme loci are different, that hawthorn flies mature later in the season and take longer to mature than apple flies; and that there is little evidence of interbreeding (researchers have documented a 4-6% hybridization rate) suggests that sympatric speciation is occurring. --EOI-- Some evidence suggests that sympatric speciation is occurring. Hawthorn flies mature later in the season and take longer to mature than apple flies; and there is little evidence of interbreeding (researchers have documented a 4-6% hybridization rate). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The idea that natural selection affects bacteria has profound consequences, for example, it explains how bacteria develop antibiotic resistance. --EOI-- The idea that natural selection affects bacteria has profound consequences, for example, it explains how bacteria develop antibiotic resistance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His famous experiment with DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck in 1943, known as the Luria-DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck experiment, demonstrated statistically that inheritance in bacteria must follow Darwinian rather than Lamarckian principles and that mutant bacteria occurring randomly can still bestow viral resistance without the virus being present. --EOI-- His famous experiment with DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck in 1943, known as the Luria-DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck experiment, demonstrated that inheritance in bacteria follows Darwinian rather than Lamarckian principles and that mutant genes occurring randomly can still give viral resistance without the virus being present. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While investigating how a culture of E. coli was able to stop the production of phages, Luria discovered that specific bacterial strains produce enzymes that cut DNA at certain sequences. --EOI-- While investigating how a culture of E. coli was able to stop the production of phages, Luria discovered that specific bacterial strains produce enzymes that cut DNA at certain sequences. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Salvador Edward Luria (Turin, August 13, 1912-- Lexington, February 6, 1991) was an Italian microbiologist and a Nobel laureate (Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine) for his pioneering work with Max DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck and Alfred Hershey on phages in molecular biology. --EOI-- Salvador Edward Luria (Turin, Italy, August 13, 1912-- Lexington, Massachusetts, February 6, 1991) was an Italian microbiologist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Studies in the 1990s at Boxgrove, in which a butcher attempted to cut up a carcass with a hand axe, revealed that the hand axe was perfect for getting at the bone marrow, which is high in protein and vitamins and thus was likely highly prized as a food source. --EOI-- Studies in the 1990s at Boxgrove, in which a butcher attempted to cut up a carcass with a hand axe, showed that the hand axe was perfect for getting at the bone marrow, which is high in protein and vitamins and thus was highly prized as a food source. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many new parks are currently being planned and legally passed by various Parliaments and Legislatures at the urging of dedicated individuals around the globe who believe that "in the end, dedicated, inspired people empowered by effective legislation will ensure that the spirit and services of wilderness will thrive and permeate our society, preserving a world that we are proud to hand over to those who come after us. " --EOI-- Many new parks are currently being planned and legally passed by various Parliaments and Legislatures at the urging of dedicated individuals around the globe who believe that "in the end, dedicated, inspired people empowered by effective legislation will ensure that the spirit and services of wilderness will thrive and permeate our society, preserving a world that we are proud to hand over to those who come after us ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Retailer Somerfield Stores Ltd. was acquired by The Co-operative Group on 2 March 2009 in aÂ# 1.57 billion deal; the brand will be replaced by The Co-operative Food fascia within two years of this acquisition. --EOI-- The Co-operative Food purchased Somerfield in early 2009. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Extended star: A type of network topology in which a network that is based upon the physical star topology has one or more repeaters between the central node (the` hub' of the star) and the peripheral or` spoke' nodes, the repeaters being used to extend the maximum transmission distance of the point-to-point links between the central node and the peripheral nodes beyond that which is supported by the transmitter power of the central node or beyond that which is supported by the standard upon which the physical layer of the physical star network is based. --EOI-- The star topology reduces the probability of a network failure by connecting all of the peripheral nodes (computers, etc.) to a central node. When the physical star topology is applied to a logical bus network such as Ethernet, this central node (traditionally a hub) rebroadcasts all transmissions received from any peripheral node to all peripheral nodes on the network, sometimes including the originating node. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The type of network topology in which a central` root' node (the top level of the hierarchy) is connected to one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e., the second level) with a point-to-point link between each of the second level nodes and the top level central` root' node, while each of the second level nodes that are connected to the top level central` root' node will also have one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e., the third level) connected to it, also with a point-to-point link, the top level central` root' node being the only node that has no other node above it in the hierarchy (The hierarchy of the tree is symmetrical.) --EOI-- The type of network topology in which a central` root' node (the top level of the hierarchy) is connected to one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e., the second level) with a point-to-point link between each of the second level nodes and the top level central` root' node, while each of the second level nodes that are connected to the top level central` root' node will also have one or more other nodes that are one level lower in the hierarchy (i.e., the third level) connected to it, also with a point-to-point link, the top level central` root' node being the only node that has no other node above it in the hierarchy (The hierarchy of the tree is symmetrical.) --separator-- --simplificataion-- The failure of a transmission line linking any peripheral node to the central node will result in the isolation of that peripheral node from all others, but the remaining peripheral nodes will be unaffected. --EOI-- The failure of a transmission line linking any peripheral node to the central node will result in the isolation of that peripheral node from all others, but the remaining peripheral nodes will be unaffected. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cecum is a pouch-like structure of the colon and the appendix is near the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine and has abundant infection-fighting lymphoid cells, which suggests it plays a role in the immune system. --EOI-- The cecum is a pouch-like structure of the colon. The appendix is near the junction of the small intestine and the large intestine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In human anatomy, the appendix (or vermiform appendix; also cecal (or caecal) appendix; also vermix) is a blind-ended tube connected to the cecum (or caecum), from which it develops embryologically. --EOI-- In human anatomy, the appendix (other names include vermiform appendix; cecal (or caecal) appendix; vermix) is a blind ended tube connected to the cecum (or caecum), from which it develops embryologically. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cecum of the koala is very long, enabling it to host bacteria specific for cellulose breakdown. --EOI-- The cecum of the koala is attached to the juncture of the small and large intestines-like in humans- and is very long. This enables it to host bacteria specific for cellulose breakdown. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Additionally, Austin suffered fractured bones in his hand from the side slam he took from Booker into an announce table. --EOI-- Also, Austin suffered fractured bones in his hand from the side slam he took from Booker into an announce table. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The WWF faction battered their enemy tag partners off the ring apron over and over again making them appear weak and more times than not, the ECW-WCW grapplers gained an advantage only by double-teaming or employing underhanded tactics. --EOI-- The WWF faction battered their enemy tag partners off the ring apron over and over again making them appear weak and more times than not, the ECW-WCW grapplers gained an advantage only by double-teaming or employing underhanded tactics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Stone Cold then dragged a referee into the ring, but in a swerve, kicked Kurt Angle in the stomach, hit him with a Stunner, and placed Booker T on top of Kurt Angle and told the referee to count. --EOI-- Stone Cold then dragged a referee into the ring, but then kicked Kurt Angle in the face, Stunned him, and placed Booker T on top of Kurt Angle and told the referee to count. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While Vince was in the ring, Booker T came from behind to deliver his trademark scissor kick to Vince. --EOI-- While Vince was in the ring, Booker T came from behind to deliver his trademark scissor kick to Vince. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vince McMahon replied that Shane was somewhat accurate in his accusations but ceded that it was wrong for him to back Stone Cold, as he was a rattlesnake that he should have known would eventually bite him. --EOI-- Vince McMahon replied that Shane was somewhat accurate in his accusations but ceded that it was wrong for him to back Stone Cold, as he was a rattlesnake that he should have known would eventually bite him. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Rock, however, gave Vince a Rock Bottom and proceeded to shake Shane's hand, but he then proceeded to Rock Bottom him as well. --EOI-- The Rock, however, Rock Bottomed Vince McMahon and proceeded to shake Shane's hand, but he then proceeded to Rock Bottom him as well. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For fans who did n't catch it the fifth, tenth or twentieth time they've run the angle, "Stone Cold " Steve Austin and Vince McMahon are about to feud once again... First up was Vincent McMahon labeling Austin with a steel chair as he was waiting to put a dazed RVD away... Three minutes later, it was Shane McMahon's turn to hurl Kurt Angle out of the ring and into a steel ring post. --EOI-- For fans who did n't catch it the fifth, tenth or twentieth time they've run the angle, "Stone Cold " Steve Austin and Vince McMahon are about to feud once again... First up was Vincent McMahon labeling Austin with a steel chair as he was waiting to put a dazed RVD away... Three minutes later, it was Shane McMahon's turn to hurl Kurt Angle out of the ring and into a steel ring post. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because of this announcement, many Alliance members began to distrust Stone Cold, looking at him with suspicious eyes, to which Stone Cold vehemently denied the charges and called Vince a liar. --EOI-- Because of this announcement, many Alliance members began to distrust Stone Cold, looking at him with suspicious eyes, to which Stone Cold denied the charges and called Vince a liar. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Back in the ring, Austin laid a "Stone Cold " Stunner on to retain the belt as a disgruntled Vince scowled. --EOI-- Back in the ring, Austin laid a "Stone Cold " Stunner on to retain the belt as a disgruntled Vince scowled. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "While it was good TV, it was n't what everyone thought the WCW vs WWF would have been all about... When the fans of WWF and WCW reminisced about a WCW vs WWF match back in the glory days of Monday Night Wars of around 1997, their match would have probably gone like this: WCW would probably have a team of Hollywood Hulk Hogan, Scott Hall, Kevin Nash, Goldberg, and Ric Flair against... maybe the WWF team of Stone Cold Steve Austin, The Rock, the Undertaker, Shawn Michaels, and Mick Foley. --EOI--  "While it was good TV, it was n't what everyone thought the WCW vs WWF would have been all about... When the fans of WWF and WCW reminisced about a WCW vs WWF match back in the glory days of Monday Night Wars of around 1997, their match would have probably gone like this: WCW would probably have a team of Hollywood Hulk Hogan, Scott Hall, Kevin Nash, Goldberg, and Ric Flair against... maybe the WWF team of Stone Cold Steve Austin, The Rock, the Undertaker, Shawn Michaels, and Mick Foley. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The WWF gained even more momentum at Unforgiven, as The Rock retained the WCW Championship in a handicap match against Booker T and Shane McMahon, and Kurt Angle made Austin submit to the ankle lock, winning the WWF Championship from Stone Cold, putting both belts into the hands of the WWF. --EOI-- The WWF gained even more momentum at Unforgiven, as The Rock retained the WCW Championship against Booker T, and Kurt Angle made Austin submit to the ankle lock, winning the WWF Championship from Stone Cold, putting both belts into the hands of the WWF. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In anatomy, the scapula, omo (Medical Latin), or shoulder blade, is the bone that connects the humerus (upper arm bone) with the clavicle (collar bone). --EOI-- The scapula is the shoulder blade or pectoral girdle bone in tetrapods. It connects to the humerus and the clavicle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The war begins during the show's third season, when a plot to blow up the Golden Gate Bridge was uncovered; in response, the President orders the assassination of terrorist leader Abdul ibn Shareef. --EOI-- The war begins during the show's third season, when a plot to blow up the Golden Gate Bridge was uncovered; in response, the President orders the assassination of terrorist leader Abdul ibn Shareef. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A speed-up in The West Wings timeline, in part due to the expiration of many cast members' contracts and a desire to continue the program with lower production costs, resulted in the omission of the 2004 midterm elections and an election during the seventh season. --EOI-- A speed-up in The West Wings timeline, in part due to the expiration of many cast members' contracts and a desire to continue the program with lower production costs, resulted in the omission of the 2004 midterm elections and an election during the seventh season. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Numerous secondary characters, appearing intermittently, complement storylines that generally revolve around this core group. --EOI-- Numerous secondary characters, appearing intermittently, complement storylines that generally revolve around this core group. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bartlet's staff contemplates replacing Vice President John Hoynes on the ticket with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Percy Fitzwallace (John Amos), among others. --EOI-- Bartlet's staff contemplates replacing Vice President John Hoynes on the ticket with Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Percy Fitzwallace (John Amos), among others. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After it is clear that Ritchie will be the Republican nominee, Bartlet dismisses the idea, declaring that he wants Hoynes in the number two spot because of "four words, " which he writes down and hands to his staffers to read: "Because I could die. " --EOI-- After it is clear that Ritchie will be the Republican nominee, Bartlet dismisses the idea, declaring that he wants Hoynes in the number two spot because of "four words, " which he writes down and hands to his staffers to read: "Because I could die. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- The others nominated were Martin Sheen (for Lead Actor), Richard Schiff, Dule Hill and Bradley Whitford (for Supporting Actor), and Janel Moloney and Mary-Louise Parker (for Supporting Actress). --EOI-- The others nominated were Martin Sheen (for Lead Actor), Richard Schiff, Dule Hill and Bradley Whitford (for Supporting Actor), and Janel Moloney and Mary-Louise Parker (for Supporting Actress). --separator-- --simplificataion-- President Bartlet was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS) in 1992. --EOI-- President Bartlet was diagnosed with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS) in 1992. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The integumentary system (From Latin integumentum, from integere` to cover'; from in-+ tegere` to cover') is the organ system that protects the body from damage, comprising the skin and its appendages (including hair, scales, feathers, and nails). --EOI-- Skin, hair, scales, feathers and nails make up the integumentary system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Devil's food cake is a moist, airy, rich chocolate layer cake. --EOI-- The Devil's food cake is an old fashioned chocolate cake made of chocolate or cocoa and baking powder. It is moist, soft, rich, and very good for keeping. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Devil's food cake is generally more moist and airy than other chocolate cakes, and often uses cocoa as opposed to chocolate for the flavor as well as coffee. The lack of melted chocolate and the addition of coffee is typically what distinguishes a` devil's food cake' from a chocolate cake, though some recipes call for all, resulting in an even richer chocolate flavor. --EOI-- The Devil's food cake is an old fashioned chocolate cake made of chocolate or cocoa and baking powder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One such advancement was ADAM, stem cells harvested from a previously unknown species of sea slug, which were discovered by Dr. Bridgette Tenenbaum to have the ability to regenerate damaged tissue and rewrite the human genome. --EOI-- Scientists also made ADAM, stem cells harvested from an unknown species of sea slug, which were discovered by Dr. Bridgette Tenenbaum to have the ability to heal damaged tissue and rewrite the human genome. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Though past research showed no correlation between attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and food dyes, new studies now point to synthetic preservatives and artificial coloring agents as aggravating ADD and ADHD symptoms, both in those affected by these disorders and in the general population. --EOI-- In the past, research has not shown any link between Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and food dyes. Newer studies show that synthetic preservatives and artificial coloring agents can make the syptoms of ADD and ADHD worse. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Food colorings are tested for safety by various bodies around the world and sometimes different bodies have different views on food color safety. --EOI-- Food colorings need to be tested before they can be used. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dyes dissolve in water, but are not soluble in oil. --EOI-- Dyes dissolve in water, but are not soluble in oil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Food coloring is any substance, liquid or powder, that is added to food or drink to change its color. --EOI-- A food coloring is any substance that is added to food or drink to change its color. --separator-- --simplificataion-- People associate certain colors with certain flavors, and the color of food can influence the perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine. --EOI-- People associate certain colors with certain flavors. The color of the food can therefore influence its perceived flavor in anything from candy to wine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some food dyes can be fixed on Nylon and animal fibers. --EOI-- Some food dyes can be fixed on Nylon and animal fibers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Typical uses include coated tablets, cake and doughnut mixes, hard candies and chewing gums, lipsticks, soaps, shampoos, talc, etc. --EOI-- Typical uses include coated tablets, cake and donut mixes, hard candies and chewing gums, lipsticks, soaps, shampoos, talc etc. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Dyes are manufactured as powders, granules, liquids or other special purpose forms. --EOI-- Dyes are manufactured as powders, granules, liquids or other special purpose forms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The head and neck are bald, with the skin color varying, including yellow, orange, blue, purple, and red. --EOI-- The head and neck are bald, with the skin color varying, including yellow, orange, blue, purple, and red. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Corrosion resistance can be excellent due to a thin surface layer of aluminium oxide that forms when the metal is exposed to air, effectively preventing further oxidation. --EOI-- Aluminium prevents corrosion by forming a small, thin layer of aluminium oxide on its surface. This layer protects the metal by preventing oxygen from reaching it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Antonia "Toni " Collette (born 1 November 1972) is an Australian actress and musician, known for her acting work on stage, television and film as well as a secondary career as the lead singer of the band Toni Collette& the Finish. --EOI-- Antonia "Toni " Collette is an Australian actress. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In many plant cells most of the volume of the cell is not occupied by protoplasm, but by "tonoplast ", a large water filled vacuole enclosed by a membrane. A protoplast is a plant or fungal cell that has had its cell wall removed. --EOI-- In animal cell, the whole cell is made of protoplasm, surrounded by a cell membrane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He became director of the Carnegie Institution in 1962 and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1969, shared with Luria and DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck for their discovery on the replication of viruses and their genetic structure. --EOI-- He became director of the Carnegie Institution in 1962 and was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1969, shared with Luria and DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck for their discovery on the replication of viruses and their genetic structure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He began performing experiments with bacteriophages with Italian-American Salvador Luria and German Max DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck in 1940, and observed that when two different strains of bacteriophage have infected the same bacteria, the two viruses may exchange genetic information. --EOI-- He began performing experiments with bacteriophages with Italian-American Salvador Luria and German Max DelbrÃ 1\/4 ck in 1940, and observed that when two different strains of bacteriophage have infected the same bacteria, the two viruses may exchange genetic information. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A primitive Silurian land plant with xylem and phloem but no differentiation in root, stem or leaf, was much-branched Psilophyton, reproducing by spores and breathing through stomata on every surface, and probably photosynthesizing in every tissue exposed to light. --EOI-- A primitive Silurian land plant with xylem and phloem but no differentiation in root, stem or leaf, was much-branched Psilophyton. This plant reproducied by spores and respired through stomata on every surface, and probably photosynthesizing in every tissue exposed to light. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first fossil records of vascular plants, that is, land plants with tissues that carry food, appeared in the second half of the Silurian period. --EOI-- The first fossil records of vascular plants, that is, land plants with tissues that carry food, appeared in the second half of the Silurian period. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The pure gas is produced by adding concentrated nitric acid over tin. --EOI-- It can be made by reacting concentrated nitric acid with copper or tin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- King Henry VI was originally buried in Chertsey Abbey; then, in 1485, his body was moved to St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. --EOI-- King Henry VI was originally buried in Chertsey Abbey. In 1485, his body was moved to St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Porcupines' quills, or spines, take on various forms, depending on the species, but all are modified hairs coated with thick plates of keratin, and they are embedded in the skin musculature. --EOI-- The animal's quills or spines take on many forms, depending on the type, but all are hairs coated with thick plates of keratin, and they are in the skin musculature. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When a plant cell is placed in a hypertonic solution, the water in the cells moves to an area higher in solute concentration and the cell shrinks, and in doing so, becomes flaccid. This means the cell has become plasmolysedâ "the cell membrane has completely left the cell wall due to lack of water pressure on it; the opposite of turgid. --EOI-- Hypertonic is when the there is more salt outside the cell than in the cell. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term adrenaline is derived from the Latin roots ad- and renes and literally means "on the kidney ", in reference to the adrenal gland's anatomic location on the kidney. The Greek roots epi and nephros have similar meanings, and give rise to "epinephrine ". --EOI-- The Latin roots ad-+ renes and the Greek roots epi-+ nephros both mean into\/onto the kidney, which is a reference to the adrenal glands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Adverse reactions to epinephrine include palpitations, tachycardia, arrhythmia, anxiety, headache, tremor, hypertension, and acute pulmonary edema. --EOI-- Bad reactions to epinephrine include heart palpitations, tachycardia, anxiety, headache, tremor, hypertension, and acute pulmonary edema. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The band consists of members Till Lindemann (lead vocals), Richard Z. Kruspe (lead guitar and backing vocals), Paul H. Landers (rhythm guitar, backing vocals), Oliver "Ollie " Riedel (bass guitar), Christoph "Doom " Schneider (drums and electronic percussion) and Christian "Flake " Lorenz (keyboards). --EOI-- The band members are Till Lindemann, who is the singer, Richard Z. Kruspe, who plays the lead guitar and is a backing singer, Paul H. Landers, who plays the rhythm guitar, and is also a backing singer, Oliver Riedel, who plays the bass guitar, Christoph Schneider, who plays the drums and electronic musical instruments, and Christian Lorenz, who plays the keyboard, also known as an electronic piano. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Alternatively, copper hydroxide is readily made by electrolysis of water (containing a little electrolyte such as sodium bicarbonate). A copper anode is used, often made from scrap copper. --EOI-- It can also be made by electrolyzing a solution of sodium bicarbonate with a copper anode. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cadmium bromide is prepared by heating cadmium with bromine vapor. Also the compound can be prepared by the treatment of dry cadmium acetate with glacial acetic acid and acetyl bromide. --EOI-- Cadmium bromide is a chemical compound. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Located close to the Tinguiririca River (a tributary of the Rapel) in a fertile valley, San Fernando sits 1,112 feet (339 m) above sea level. --EOI-- It is located near to the Tinguiririca River, in the valley of Colchagua, San Fernando is 1,112 feet (339 m) above the level of the se. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was later named Pepsi Cola, possibly due to the digestive enzyme pepsin and kola nuts used in the recipe. --EOI-- It was later named Pepsi Cola, possibly due to the digestive enzyme pepsin and kola nuts used in the recipe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These bacteria have the nitrogenase enzyme that combines gaseous nitrogen with hydrogen to produce ammonia, which is then further converted by the bacteria to make their own organic compounds. --EOI-- Most nitrogen fixation is done by micro-organisms called bacteria. These bacteria have an enzyme that combines N2 with hydrogen gas (H2) to make ammonia (NH3). --separator-- --simplificataion-- At Eaglehawk Neck are many strange rock formations, including The Devils Kitchen, Tasman's Arch, Blow Hole and the Tessellated Pavement. --EOI-- At Eaglehawk Neck the rocks have made many strange shapes and patterns. These include Remarkable Caves, Tasman's Arch and the Tessellated Pavement. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While they are not major teratogens, uncertainty remains as to whether they cause cleft palate in a small number of babies and whether neurobehavioural effects occur as a result of prenatal exposure; they are known to cause withdrawal symptoms in the newborn. --EOI-- They are not teratogens, but they may cause cleft palate in a small number of babies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When combined with other central nervous system depressants such as alcohol and opiates, the potential for toxicity increases. --EOI-- When combined with other central nervous system depressants such as alcohol and opiates, the potential for toxicity increases. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, they are much less toxic than their predecessors, the barbiturates, and death rarely results when a benzodiazepine is the only drug taken. --EOI-- However, they are much less toxic than the drugs they replaced, the barbiturates. Death rarely results when a benzodiazepine is the only drug taken. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Adolf Hitler, who had been sworn in as Chancellor of Germany four weeks before, on 30 January, urged President Paul von Hindenburg to pass an emergency decree to counter the "ruthless confrontation of the Communist Party of Germany ". --EOI-- Adolf Hitler, who had become Chancellor of Germany four weeks before, urged President Paul von Hindenburg to pass an emergency law to fight back "the confrontation of the Communist Party of Germany ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Furthermore, the primitive reptilian jaw joint between the articular and quadrate bones, which in modern mammals has moved into the middle ear and become part of the ear ossicles as malleus and incus, is still to be found in Morganucodon. --EOI-- Furthermore, the primitive jaw joint between the articular and quadrate bones, which in modern mammals has moved into the middle ear and become part of the ear ossicles as malleus and incus, is still to be found in Morganucodon. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ballistics accurately describes diastole as recoil opposed to coil or systole. Ventricular diastole is the period during which the ventricles are relaxing, while atrial diastole is the period during which the atria are relaxing. --EOI-- There are two types of diastole. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When the pressure in the left ventricle drops to below the pressure in the left atrium, the mitral valve opens, causing accumulated blood from the atrium to flow into the ventricle. --EOI-- When the pressure in the left ventricle becomes lower than the pressure in the left atrium, the mitral valve opens. The blood then flows from the atrium into the ventricle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It also owns the distribution rights to several films made by others, including some pre-1952 United Artists material, an Alfred Hitchcock feature originally released by Warner Bros.â "Rope (later re-released in 1950 by Hitchcock's Transatlantic Pictures, with secondary re-release funding provided by MGM), and the UK distribution rights to most of the RKO Pictures library, as well as the UK distribution rights to the Republic Entertainment theatrical library and Twin Peaks. --EOI-- It also owns several films made by others, including some pre-1952 United Artists material, an Alfred Hitchcock feature originally released by Warner Bros.- Rope, and the UK rights to most of the RKO Pictures library. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Several important export crops faced similar losses, including 85% of banana, 60% of sugar cane, 29% of melons, 28% of African palms, and 18% of coffee. --EOI-- Mitch also destroyed 85% of banana, 60% of sugar cane, 29% of melons, 28% of African palms, and 18% of coffee. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Food crops were severely impacted, including destruction of 58% of the corn output, 24% of sorghum, 14% of rice, and 6% of the bean crop. --EOI-- Crops in Honduras were impacted very badly, Mitch destroyed, 58% of the corn output, 24% of sorghum, 14% of rice, and 6% of the bean crop. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A gramophone record, commonly known as a phonograph record (in American English), vinyl record (in reference to vinyl), or colloquially, a record, is an analog sound storage medium consisting of a flat disc with an inscribed, modulated spiral groove. --EOI-- A gramophone record (also known as phonograph record, or simply record) is an analog sound storage medium consisting of a flat disc with an inscribed modulated spiral groove usually starting near the periphery and ending near the center of the disc. When made of vinyl they were also known as vinyl records. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The mean BP, due to pumping by the heart and resistance to flow in blood vessels, decreases as the circulating blood moves away from the heart through arteries. Blood pressure drops most rapidly along the small arteries and arterioles, and continues to decrease as the blood moves through the capillaries and back to the heart through veins. --EOI-- Blood pressure is higher in arteries than it is in other blood vessels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- While stoking the fire, Skupin breathed in smoke and momentarily fainted, falling into the fire and suffering severe burns to his hands. --EOI-- While trying to start a fire, Skupin breathed in smoke and fainted, falling into the fire getting really bad burns to his hands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In plant engineering, Agrobacterium-like conjugation complements other standard vehicles such as tobacco mosaic virus (TMV). --EOI-- In plant engineering, Agrobacterium-like conjugation complements other standard vehicles such as tobacco mosaic virus (TMV). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Benefits may include antibiotic resistance, xenobiotic tolerance or the ability to use new metabolites. --EOI-- Benefits may include antibiotic resistance, xenobiotic tolerance or the ability to use new metabolites. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Elders will be independently funded by a group of Founders, including Richard Branson, Peter Gabriel, Ray Chambers; Michael Chambers; Bridgeway Foundation; Pam Omidyar, Humanity United; Amy Robbins; Shashi Ruia, Dick Tarlow; and the United Nations Foundation. --EOI-- The Elders will be independently funded by a group of Founders, including Richard Branson, Peter Gabriel, Ray Chambers; Michael Chambers; Bridgeway Foundation; Pam Omidyar, Humanity United; Amy Robbins; Shashi Ruia, Dick Tarlow; andThe United Nations Foundation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the floss is too thick for the space between a pair of teeth then it will be difficult or impossible to get the floss down between the teeth. On the other hand, if the floss is too thin, it may be too weak and break. --EOI-- It is important to floss before brushing teeth and to floss at least once a day. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Herbert Spencer Gasser (July 5, 1888-- May 11, 1963) was an American physiologist, and recipient of the Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine in 1944 for his work with action potentials in nerve fibers while on the faculty of Washington University in St. Louis, awarded jointly with Joseph Erlanger. --EOI-- Herbert Spencer Gasser (5 July, 1888- 11 May, 1963) was an American doctor. He won the 1944 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, along with Joseph Erlanger, for discovering the many functions of a single nerve fiber. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The treatment for cardiac arrest is cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) to provide circulatory support, followed by defibrillation if a shockable rhythm is present. --EOI-- First aid treatment for cardiac arrest usually begins with cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) to keep oxygenated blood flowing until medical treatment is available. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some ingredients used include: almond, acorn, asparagus, malted barley, beechnut, beetroot, carrot, chicory root, corn, cottonseed, dandelion root (see dandelion coffee), fig, boiled-down molasses, okra seed, pea, persimmon seed, potato peel, rye, sassafras pits, sweet potato, wheat bran. --EOI-- Some ingredients used include: almond, acorn, asparagus, barley and malt, beech nut, beetroot, carrot, chicory root, corn, cotton seed, dandelion root, fig, boiled-down molasses, okra seed, pea, persimmon seed, potato peel, rye, sassafras nut, sweet potato. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, the worst property damage occurred in coastal areas, such as all Mississippi beachfront towns, which were flooded over 90% in hours, as boats and casino barges rammed buildings, pushing cars and houses inland, with waters reaching 6â "12 miles (10â "19 km) from the beach. --EOI-- However, the worst property damage was in coastal areas of Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama, such as all Mississippi beachfront towns, which were flooded over 90% in hours, as boats and casino barges rammed buildings, pushing cars and houses inland, with waters reaching 6â "12 miles (10â "19 km) from the beach. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition to the planting of flowers that feed butterflies, other means of attracting them include constructingÂ butterfly housesÂ, providing sand for puddling, water, and other resources or food items, including rotten fruit. --EOI-- In addition to the planting of flowers that feed butterflies, other methods of attracting them are building "butterfly houses ", with sand for puddling, water to drink, and food items, like rotten fruit. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Previous warnings, such as the one made by the Houston Chronicle in 2001, told of a disaster that "would strand 250,000 people or more, and probably kill one of 10 left behind as the city drowned under 20 feet of water " following a severe hurricane making landfall on the city. --EOI-- Previous warnings, such as the one made by the Houston Chronicle in 2001, told of a disaster that "would strand 250,000 people or more, and probably kill one of 10 left behind as the city drowned under 20 feet of water " following a severe hurricane making landfall on the city. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In addition to the specialised endocrine organs mentioned above, many other organs that are part of other body systems, such as the kidney, liver, heart and gonads, have secondary endocrine functions. For example the kidney secretes endocrine hormones such as erythropoietin and renin. --EOI-- The endocrine system includes those organs of the body which produce hormones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some terrestrial species lack both lungs and gills and perform gas exchange through their skin, a process known as valerian respiration in which the capillary beds are spread throughout the epidermis, and inside the mouth. --EOI-- Some terrestrial species lack both lungs and gills and perform gas exchange through their skin, a process known as valerian respiration in which the capillary beds are spread throughout the epidermis, and inside the mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the lungless salamanders, muscles surrounding the hyoid bone contract to create pressure and actually "shoot " the hyoid bone out of the mouth along with the tongue. --EOI-- In the lungless salamanders, muscles surrounding the hyoid bone contract to create pressure and actually "shoot " the hyoid bone out of the mouth along with the tongue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many of the highly aquatic species, however, have no muscles in the tongue, and do not use it for capturing prey, while most other species have a mobile tongue, but without the adaptations to the hyoid bone. --EOI-- Many of the highly aquatic species, however, have no muscles in the tongue, and do not use it for capturing prey, while most other species have a mobile tongue, but without the adaptations to the hyoid bone. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Salamanders also secrete poison from glands in their skin, and some additionally have skin glands for secreting courtship pheromones. --EOI-- Salamanders also secrete poison from glands in their skin, and some additionally have skin glands for secreting courtship pheromones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The skin of salamanders secretes mucus, which helps keep the animal moist when on dry land, and maintains their salt balance while in water, as well as providing a lubricant during swimming. --EOI-- The skin of salamanders secretes mucus. This helps to keep the animal moist when on dry land, and maintains their salt balance while in water, as well as providing a lubricant during swimming. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Muscles in the pelvic region are used in order to reel the tongue and the hyoid back to its original position. --EOI-- Muscles in the pelvic region are used in order to reel the tongue and the hyoid back to its original position. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The record features the singing of Horace Andy plus invited vocalists: Tunde Adebimpe of TV On The Radio, Damon Albarn of Blur and Gorillaz, Hope Sandoval of Hope Sandoval And The Warm Inventions and Mazzy Star, Guy Garvey of Elbow and Martina Topley-Bird, as well as guitar playing by Adrian Utley of Portishead (on "Saturday Come Slow "), keys from Portishead collaborator John Baggott (most notably on "Atlas Air "), keys and synth bass from Damon Albarn ( "Splitting the Atom " and "Flat of the Blade " respectively), guitar (various tracks) and bass ( "Girl I Love You ") by Neil Davidge and bass by Billy Fuller of Beak) on various tracks. --EOI-- The record has the singing of Horace Andy plus invited vocalists: Tunde Adebimpe of TV On The Radio, Damon Albarn of Blur and Gorillaz, Hope Sandoval of Hope Sandoval And The Warm Inventions and Mazzy Star, Guy Garvey of Elbow and Martina Topley-Bird, as well as guitar playing by Adrian Utley of Portishead (on "Saturday Come Slow "), keys from Portishead collaborator John Baggott (most notably on "Atlas Air "), keys and synth bass from Damon Albarn ( "Splitting the Atom " and "Flat of the Blade " respectively), guitar (various tracks) and bass ( "Girl I Love You ") by Neil Davidge and bass by Billy Fuller of Beak) on various tracks. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The banana fruits develop from the banana heart, in a large hanging cluster, made up of tiers (called hands), with up to 20 fruit to a tier. --EOI-- The banana fruit grow in hanging clusters. There are up to 20 fruit to a tier# noun 2. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Banana paper is used in two different senses: to refer to a paper made from the bark of the banana plant, mainly used for artistic purposes, or paper made from banana fiber, obtained with an industrialized process from the stem and the non-usable fruits. --EOI-- There are two different kinds of banana paper: That made from the bark, which is mainly used for art. Paper can also be made from the fiber and from unused fruits. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bone Marrow is the flexible tissue found in the interior of bones. --EOI-- Bone marrow is a type of tissue that can be found in hollow bones. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are two types of bone marrow: red marrow (consisting mainly of hematopoietic tissue) and yellow marrow (consisting mainly of fat cells). --EOI-- There are two types of bone marrow: red marrow (consisting mainly of myeloid tissue) and yellow marrow (consisting mainly of fat cells). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Red marrow is found mainly in the flat bones, such as the hip bone, breast bone, skull, ribs, vertebrae and shoulder blades, and in the cancellous ( "spongy ") material at the epiphyseal ends of the long bones such as the femur and humerus. --EOI-- (1) Red marrow is found mainly in the flat bones, such as the hip bone, breast bone, skull, ribs, vertebrae and shoulder blades, and in the cancellous ( "spongy ") material at the epiphyseal ends of the long bones such as the femur and humerus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both types of bone marrow contain numerous blood vessels and capillaries. --EOI-- Both types of bone marrow contain numerous blood vessels and capillaries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Not all of the causes of cervical cancer are known. --EOI-- Cervical cancer is cancer of the cervix or cervical area that can result in malignance and death. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "30,000 Pounds of Bananas ", sometimes spelled "Thirty-Thousand Pounds of Bananas ", is a song by Harry Chapin from his 1974 album, Verities& Balderdash. --EOI--  "30,000 Pounds of Bananas " is a song by Harry Chapin. It is from his Verities& Balderdash album. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Massachusetts General Hospital (Mass General or MGH) is a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School and a biomedical research facility in Boston, Massachusetts. --EOI-- Massachusetts General Hospital is a very large hospital in the state of Massachusetts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some countries have a different emergency number for each of the different emergency services; these often differ only by the last digit. --EOI-- Some countries have a different emergency number for each of the different emergency services, but they are often different only by the last digit. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many countries' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number, sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or occasionally the emergency services number, that allows a caller to contact local emergency services for assistance. --EOI-- Many countries' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number, sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or the emergency services number. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An emergency telephone number call may be answered by either a telephone operator or an emergency service dispatcher. --EOI-- An emergency telephone number is a telephone number that can be used to quickly contact emergency services for assistance. Many countries' public telephone networks have a single emergency telephone number, sometimes known as the universal emergency telephone number or the emergency services number. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The emergency telephone number is a special case in the country's telephone number plan. --EOI-- An emergency telephone number is a telephone number that can be used to quickly contact emergency services for assistance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) is a United States government corporation created by the Glassâ "Steagall Act of 1933. --EOI-- The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) aims to keep peopleâ s money safe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As of 2010, the FDIC insures deposits at 7,723 institutions. --EOI-- The FDIC insures 7,895 different banks or institutions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Torn Curtain is a 1966 American political thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, starring Paul Newman and Julie Andrews. --EOI-- Torn Curtain is a 1966 film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Paul Newman and Julie Andrews. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Viral meningitis refers to meningitis caused by a viral infection. It is sometimes referred to as "aseptic meningitis " in contrast to meningitis caused by bacteria. --EOI-- Viral meningitis is Meningitis caused by a virus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The College of Emergency Medicine is the single authoritative body for emergency medicine in the UK. --EOI-- Emergency Medicine (abbreviation EM) is sometimes also called Accident and Emergency Medicine (AEM). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The College of Emergency Medicine is the single authoritative body for emergency medicine in the UK. --EOI-- Emergency Medicine (abbreviation EM) is sometimes also called Accident and Emergency Medicine (AEM). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Their mainstream success came with the release of the "greatest hits " album Your New Favourite Band, featuring their most well-known song "Hate to Say I Told You So ". --EOI-- Their breakthrough came with the release of the "best-of " compilation Your New Favourite Band, featuring their most commercially successful song "Hate to Say I Told You So ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Though cosmetic or aesthetic surgery is the best-known kind of plastic surgery, most plastic surgery is not cosmetic: plastic surgery includes many types of reconstructive surgery, hand surgery, microsurgery, and the treatment of burns. --EOI-- An example of reconstructive plastic surgery is fixing a part of the body that has been burned. An example of cosmetic plastic surgery is a surgery called a "Face-Lift " (pulling the skin of the face tight so that someone looks younger). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Plastic surgery is a medical specialty concerned with the correction or restoration of form and function. Though cosmetic or aesthetic surgery is the best-known kind of plastic surgery, most plastic surgery is not cosmetic: plastic surgery includes many types of reconstructive surgery, hand surgery, microsurgery, and the treatment of burns. --EOI-- Plastic surgery is a surgery that is done to change the way a person's body looks or works. --separator-- --simplificataion-- or read... Brain Cancer is a type of Cancer that spreads throughout your brain. --EOI-- Brain cancer is a maliganant brain tumor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Liver cancer or hepatic cancer is properly considered to be a cancer which starts in the liver, as opposed to a cancer which originates in another organ and migrates to the liver, known as a liver metastasis. For a thorough understanding of liver cancer it is important to have an understanding of how the liver functions. --EOI-- Liver cancer are malignant tumors on\/in a liver. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Juris Doctor (see etymology and abbreviations below) is a professional doctorate and first professional graduate degree in law. The degree was first awarded by Harvard University in the United States in the late 19th century and was created as a modern version of the old European doctor of law degree (such as the Dottore in Giurisprudenza in Italy and the Juris Utriusque Doctor in Germany and Central Europe). --EOI-- Juris Doctor is an academic degree in law. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Emergency contraception (EC), or emergency postcoital contraception, refers to birth control measures that, if taken after sexual intercourse, may prevent pregnancy. --EOI-- Emergency contraception may prevent a pregnancy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A Massachusetts law that went into effect on 14 December 2005 requires all hospitals in the state to provide emergency contraception to any "female rape victim of childbearing age " including Catholic Hospitals who oppose the provision of emergency contraception. In a letter criticizing the joint UN\/WHO Inter-agency Field Manual on Reproductive Health in Refugee Situations, the Catholic Church explains its belief that emergency contraception, along with IUDs and hormonal contraception, can not be considered "solely contraceptive because in the case of effective fertilization a chemical abortion would be carried out during the first days of pregnancy. " --EOI-- Emergency contraception is a form of contraception that can be taken by the woman after sex. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The outcome for coma and vegetative state depends on the cause, location, severity and extent of neurological damage. A deeper coma alone does not necessarily mean a slimmer chance of recovery, because some people in deep coma recover well while others in a so-called milder coma sometimes fail to improve. --EOI-- Coma is a medical term. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Acne is a general term used for acneiform eruptions. It is usually used as a synonym for acne vulgaris, but may also refer to: --EOI-- The most common form of acne is called acne vulgaris, which means common acne. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Steve Austin (born Steven James Anderson; December 18, 1964, later and formerly Steven Williams), better known by his ring name "Stone Cold " Steve Austin, is an American film and television actor and professional wrestler currently signed to World Wrestling Entertainment. --EOI-- Steve Austin (born Steven Anderson on December 18, 1964, later Steven Williams), better known by his ring name "Stone Cold " Steve Austin is a retired Professional wrestler known for his work within the WWE. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Vision of Ezra is an ancient apocryphal text, claiming to have been written by the biblical Ezra. --EOI-- Vision of Ezra is the name of an ancient apocryphal text, whose authorship is associated to Ezra, the scribe. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra, the work is clearly Christian, and features several apostles being seen in heaven. However, the text is significantly shorter than the Apocalypse. --EOI-- Just like the Greek Apocalypse of Ezra, the text shows a clearly christian origin. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vehicle insurance (also known as auto insurance, car insurance, or motor insurance) is insurance purchased for cars, trucks, and other road vehicles. --EOI-- Vehicle insurance (also called auto insurance or car insurance is a kind of insurance that protects people if they have a car accident. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The pollen tube of most seed plants acts as a conduit to transport sperm cells from the pollen grain, either from the stigma (in flowering plants or angiosperms) to the ovules at the base of the pistil, or directly through ovule tissue in some gymnosperms (conifers and gnetophytes). --EOI-- It transports sperm cells from the pollen grain, from the stigma (in flowering plants or angiosperms) to the ovules at the base of the pistil. In some gymnosperms (conifers and gnetophytes) sperms move directly through ovule tissue. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In maize, this single cell can grow longer than 12 inches to traverse the length of the pistil. --EOI-- In maize, this single cell can grow longer than 12 inches to traverse the length of the pistil. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One sperm unites with the egg cell to produce the embryo of a new plant, while a second sperm unites with the central cell (polar nuclei) to produce the endosperm of the seed. --EOI-- One sperm unites with the egg cell to produce the embryo of a new plant, while a second sperm unites with the central cell (polar nuclei) to produce the endosperm of the seed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In angiosperms the pollen tube germinates from the pollen grain and grows the entire length through the stigma, style, ovary and ovules to reach the eggs. --EOI-- In angiosperms the pollen tube germinates from the pollen grain and grows the entire length through the stigma, style, ovary and ovules to reach the eggs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The sperm cells by themselves are not motile and are carried within the tube. --EOI-- The sperm cells by themselves are not motile and are carried within the tube. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Like ferns, other basal land plants, and many algae, these gymnosperms have flagellate sperm, which swim through a watery fluid to fertilize the egg cells. --EOI-- Like ferns, other basal land plants, and many algae, these gymnosperms have flagellate sperm, which swim through a watery fluid to fertilize the egg cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As the tip of the tube reaches a synergid, it bursts and releases two sperm cells leading to a double fertilization. --EOI-- As the tip of the tube reaches an egg it bursts and releases two sperm cells leading to a double fertilization. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In other gymnosperms (Ginkgo and cycads) the pollen tube is involved only in nutrient uptake from ovule tissue by the pollen grain, and does not convey sperm cells to the egg. --EOI-- In other gymnosperms (Ginkgo and cycads) the pollen tube is involved only in nutrient uptake from ovule tissue by the pollen grain, and does not convey sperm cells to the egg. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The lifetime risk for breast cancer in the United States is usually given as about 1 in 8 (12%) of women by age 95, with a 1 in 35 (3%) chance of dying from breast cancer. --EOI-- In 2007, breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths (7% of cancer deaths; almost 2% of all deaths) in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives. They have a 1 in 33 chance of death from breast cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2007, breast cancer was expected to cause 40,910 deaths in the US (7% of cancer deaths; almost 2% of all deaths). --EOI-- In 2007, breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths (7% of cancer deaths; almost 2% of all deaths) in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Worldwide, breast cancer is the most common invasive cancer in women. --EOI-- Among all women in the world, breast cancer is the most common cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Inflammatory breast cancer is a special type of breast cancer which can pose a substantial diagnostic challenge. --EOI-- Breast cancer is a type of cancer that happens to the breast. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2008, breast cancer caused 458,503 deaths worldwide (13.7% of cancer deaths in women and 6.0% of all cancer deaths for men and women together). --EOI-- In 2005, breast cancer caused 502,000 deaths (7% of cancer deaths; almost 1% of all deaths) in the world. Among all women in the world, breast cancer is the most common cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In 2008, breast cancer caused 458,503 deaths worldwide (13.7% of cancer deaths in women). --EOI-- In the United States, breast cancer is the most common cancer in women, and the second most common cause of cancer death in women (after lung cancer). In 2007, breast cancer caused about 40,910 deaths (7% of cancer deaths; almost 2% of all deaths) in the U.S. Women in the United States have a 1 in 8 chance of getting breast cancer in their lives. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Prostate cancer is a form of cancer that develops in the prostate, a gland in the male reproductive system. --EOI-- Prostate cancer is a disease in which cancer develops in the prostate, a gland in the male reproductive system. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Itchy& Scratchy& Marge " is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first aired on December 20, 1990. --EOI--  "Itchy& Scratchy& Marge " is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first started on December 20, 1990. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Itchy& Scratchy& Marge " is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first aired on December 20, 1990. --EOI--  "Itchy& Scratchy& Marge " is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first started on December 20, 1990. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the episode, which is a satire of censorship issues, Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames The Itchy& Scratchy Show for Maggie's actions. --EOI-- In this episode, Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames "The Itchy& Scratchy Show " for Maggie's actions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the episode, which is a satire of censorship issues, Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames The Itchy& Scratchy Show for Maggie's actions. --EOI-- In this episode, Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames "The Itchy& Scratchy Show " for Maggie's actions. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Itchy& Scratchy& Marge " is an acclaimed episode which dealt with censorship issues and allowed the writers to have a lot of Itchy& Scratchy cartoons, which many fans had been clamoring for. --EOI--  "Itchy& Scratchy& Marge " is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first started on December 20, 1990. In this episode, Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames "The Itchy& Scratchy Show " for Maggie's actions. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Itchy& Scratchy& Marge " is an acclaimed episode which dealt with censorship issues and allowed the writers to have a lot of Itchy& Scratchy cartoons, which many fans had been clamoring for. --EOI--  "Itchy& Scratchy& Marge " is the ninth episode of The Simpsons second season and first started on December 20, 1990. In this episode, Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet and Marge blames "The Itchy& Scratchy Show " for Maggie's actions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Alex Rocco makes his first of three guest appearances as Roger Meyers, Jr. --EOI-- Alex Rocco makes his first of three guest appearances as Roger Meyers, Jr. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Alex Rocco makes his first of three guest appearances as Roger Meyers, Jr. --EOI-- Alex Rocco makes his first of three guest appearances as Roger Meyers, Jr. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was written by John Swartzwelder and was the first episode to be directed by Jim Reardon. --EOI-- It was written by John Swartzwelder and was the first episode to be directed by Jim Reardon. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was written by John Swartzwelder and was the first episode to be directed by Jim Reardon. --EOI-- It was written by John Swartzwelder and was the first episode to be directed by Jim Reardon. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This works by convection; the heat is transferred from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant. --EOI-- This works by convection; the heat is taken from the relatively warm object to the relatively cold coolant. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Absolute zero is also 0Â R on the Rankine scale, another thermodynamic temperature scale, andâ' 459.67 degrees on the Fahrenheit scale. --EOI-- Absolute zero is also 0 K on the Kelvin scale and 0Â R on the Rankine scale --separator-- --simplificataion-- Fluids used to cool objects are commonly called coolants. --EOI-- Fluids used to cool objects are called coolants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Air cooling is the process of cooling an object by exposing it to air. --EOI-- Air cooling making the temperature of an object lower using air. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The coldest theoretically possible temperature is absolute zero, also called absolute temperature, which is 0 K on the Kelvin scale, a thermodynamic temperature scale, andâ' 273.15Â C on the Celsius scale. --EOI-- The coldest possible temperature isâ' 273.15Â C, which can be expressed as about-459.67Â F on the Fahrenheit scale. This is called absolute zero. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another common method of cooling is exposing an object to ice, dry ice, or liquid nitrogen. --EOI-- Other ways to cool objects include using ice, dry ice, or liquid nitrogen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This will only work if the air is at a lower temperature than the object, and the process can be enhanced by increasing the surface area or decreasing the mass of the object. --EOI-- This will only work if the air is at a lower temperature than the object. The process will work better if there is more surface area on the object or if the item's mass can be made smaller. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a parody of "Achy Breaky Heart " by Billy Ray Cyrus. --EOI-- It is a parody of "Achy Breaky Heart " by Billy Ray Cyrus. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Achy Breaky Song " is a song by "Weird Al " Yankovic. --EOI--  "Achy Breaky Song " is a song by "Weird Al " Yankovic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bronchitis can be divided into two categories, acute and chronic, each of which has unique etiologies, pathologies, and therapies. --EOI-- It may also refer to acute bronchitis or chronic bronchitis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bronchitis is inflammation of the mucous membranes of the bronchi, the airways that carry airflow from the trachea into the lungs. --EOI-- Bronchitis is an inflammation of the bronchi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Endometrial cancer may sometimes be referred to as uterine cancer. --EOI-- Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecologic cancer in the United States: over 35,000 women are diagnosed each year. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Endometrial cancer refers to several types of malignancies that arise from the endometrium, or lining, of the uterus. --EOI-- Endometrial cancer is a condition involving the endometrium (lining of the uterus). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Endometrial cancers are the most common gynecologic cancers in the United States, with over 35,000 women diagnosed each year. --EOI-- This cancer is usually diagnosed during its early stages, resulting in a better survival rate than most cancers. Endometrial cancer is the most common gynecologic cancer in the United States: over 35,000 women are diagnosed each year. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Medicine wheels were built by laying out stones in a circular pattern that often looked like a wagon wheel lying on its side. --EOI-- They were built by laying out stones in a circular pattern. They often look like a wagon wheel laying flat. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The wheels could be large, reaching diameters of 75 feet. --EOI-- They could be large, reaching up to 75 feet across. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The stomach needs only to push food into the small intestine when the intestine is not busy. While the intestine is full and still digesting food, the stomach acts as storage for food. --EOI-- Food in the stomach then passes through to the small intestine where most of the food's nutrition is absorbed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The city is served by the Medicine Hat Airport and Medicine Hat Transit. --EOI-- Medicine Hat is a town in the canadian province of Alberta. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The fleshy external end of the nasal septum is sometimes also called columella. --EOI-- The fleshy external end of the nasal septum is sometimes also called columella. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An operation to the nasal septum is known as a septoplasty. --EOI-- An operation to the nasal septum is known as a septoplasty. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The governor of the state in which the disaster occurs must declare a state of emergency and formally request from the president that FEMA and the federal government respond to the disaster. --EOI-- The governor of the state in which the disaster occurred must declare a state of emergency and formally request from the President that FEMA and the federal government respond to the disaster. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The only exception is when an emergency and\/or disaster occurs on federal property or to a federal asset, for example, the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, or the Space Shuttle Columbia in the 2003 return-flight disaster. --EOI-- The only exception is when an emergency or disaster occurs on federal property or to a federal asset, for example, the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, in the 1995 bombing, or the Space Shuttle Columbia in the 2003 return-flight disaster. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Today FEMA exists as a major agency of the Department of Homeland Security. The Administrator for Federal Emergency Management reports directly to the Secretary of Homeland Security. --EOI-- The Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security, initially created by Presidential Order on 1 April 1979. --EOI-- The Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security. The purpose of FEMA (begun by Presidential Order on March 30, 1979) --separator-- --simplificataion-- The primary purpose of FEMA is to coordinate the response to a disaster that has occurred in the United States and that overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities. --EOI-- is to coordinate the response to a disaster which has occurred in the United States and which overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities. --separator-- --simplificataion-- How the concentrations of ions and the membrane transport proteins influence the value of the resting potential is outlined below. --EOI-- How the concentrations of ions and the membrane transport proteins influence the value of the resting potential is outlined below. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The relatively static membrane potential of quiescent cells is called the resting membrane potential (or resting voltage), as opposed to the specific dynamic electrochemical phenomena called action potential and graded membrane potential. --EOI-- The resting potential of a cell is the membrane potential that would be maintained if there were no action potentials, synaptic potentials, or other active changes in the membrane potential. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Skull Ring is a 2003 album by Iggy Pop with backing collaborations by bands including The Stooges, The Trolls, Green Day, Sum 41, and Peaches. --EOI-- Skull Ring is a 2003 album by Iggy Pop. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The scale was published in 1974 by Graham Teasdale and Bryan J. Jennett, professors of neurosurgery at the University of Glasgow's Institute of Neurological Sciences at the city's Southern General Hospital. --EOI-- It was invented in 1974 by Graham Teasdale and Bryan J. Jennett, professors of neurosurgery at the University of Glasgow. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the West, learning by ear is associated with traditional and folk music, but many classical music forms throughout the world lack notation, and have therefore been passed from generation to generation by ear. --EOI-- This is how music is passed from one generation to another. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Oxford English Dictionary states that the first use of the term "witch doctor " to refer to African shamans (i.e. medicine men) was in 1836 in a book by Robert Montgomery Martin (1803? --EOI-- The Oxford English Dictionary states that the first use of the term "witch doctor " to refer to African shamans (i.e. medicine men) was in 1836 in a book by Robert Montgomery Martin (1803? --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Oxford English Dictionary states that the first record of the use of this term was in 1718, in a book by Francis Hutchinson. --EOI-- The Oxford English Dictionary says that the first recorded use of this term is in 1718, in a book by Francis Hutchinson. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The witch doctors (incorrect application) in Africa are known as sangomas in southern Africa. --EOI-- The witch doctors in Africa are known as sangomas in Southern Africa. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term` alternative medicine' is generally used to describe practices used independently or in place of conventional medicine. --EOI-- It can also describe practices used along with conventional medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The term` alternative medicine' is generally used to describe practices used independently or in place of conventional medicine. The term` complementary medicine' is primarily used to describe practices used in conjunction with or to complement conventional medical treatments. --EOI-- Alternative medicine describes practices used in place of conventional medical treatments. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The group's main business is State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company, a mutual insurance firm that also owns the other State Farm companies. The corporate headquarters are in Bloomington, Illinois. --EOI-- State Farm Insurance is an insurance agency with headquarters in Bloomington, Illinois. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The circulation became better defined as convection modestly increased over the center, and within six hours of its development the system transitioned into a tropical depression. --EOI-- The circulation became better organized as convection modestly increased over the center, and within 6 hours of its formation, the system turned into a tropical depression. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Officials in New Orleans opened three emergency shelters, citing the potential need of shelter for citizens in about 17,000 FEMA trailers after Hurricane Katrina. --EOI-- Officials in New Orleans opened three emergency shelters, stating the possible need of shelter for citizens in about 17,000 FEMA trailers after Hurricane Katrina. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As the depression tracked into Alabama, it became increasingly disorganized, and the system dissipated as a tropical cyclone early on September 22. --EOI-- As the depression continued into Alabama, it became more disorganized, and by 0900 UTC on September 22 the cyclone collapsed into a remnant low pressure area. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cyclone continued tracking northwestward, making landfall around 0000 UTC on September 22 near Fort Walton Beach, Florida with winds of 35 mph (55 km\/h). --EOI-- The cyclone continued moving northwestward, making landfall around 0000 UTC on September 22 near Fort Walton Beach, Florida with winds of 35 mph (55 km\/h). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The upper-level low over the Florida Panhandle increased convection across the area, and on September 18 the system began crossing Florida. --EOI-- An upper-level low over western Florida created more convection across the area, and on September 18 the system began moving towards Florida. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In Mississippi, Governor Haley Barbour declared a state of emergency. --EOI-- In Mississippi, Governor Haley Barbour declared a state of emergency. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The combination of wind shear and low-level helicity produced moderate convection across central Florida in association with the precursor low pressure system. --EOI-- Together, the wind shear and low-level helicity created moderate convection across central Florida associated with the precursor low pressure system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Convection gradually became better organized, with a well-defined band in its eastern semicircle and intermittent thunderstorm activity near the center. --EOI-- Convection slowly became better organized, with a well-defined rainband in its eastern half and irregular thunderstorm activity near the center. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Late on September 20, a supercell developed near Lake Apopka, and tracking quickly northward it spawned an EF1 tornado near Eustis; the tornado tracked about 2 miles (3 km) and reached winds of about 100 mph (160 km\/h). --EOI-- Late on September 20, a supercell formed near Lake Apopka, and moved quickly northward it created an EF1 tornado near Eustis; the tornado moved around for about 2 miles (3 km) and reached winds of about 100 mph (160 km\/h). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Additionally, the New Orleans National Weather Service issued a coastal flood watch for four parishes in southeastern Louisiana. --EOI-- Also, the New Orleans National Weather Service gave out a coastal flood watch for four parishes in southeastern Louisiana. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Despite an overall disorganized structure, with a poorly defined circulation and an upper-level low aloft, the National Hurricane Center initiated advisories on Subtropical Depression Ten at 1500 UTC on September 21 while it was located about 40 miles (60 km) south of St. Vincent Island, Florida, citing "the potential for additional development right along the coastline. " --EOI-- In spite of its bad organization, with a disorganized circulation and an upper-level low aloft, the National Hurricane Center started advisories on Subtropical Depression Ten at 1500 UTC on September 21 while it was located about 40 miles (60 km) south of St. Vincent Island, Florida, stating "the potential for additional development right along the coastline. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- The system developed as a subtropical depression on September 21 in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico from the interaction of a tropical wave, the tail end of a cold front, and an upper-level low. --EOI-- The storm formed as a subtropical depression on September 21 in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico from the contact of a tropical wave, the end of a cold front, and a low pressure system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tracking northwestward, the depression moved ashore near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22, and shortly thereafter it dissipated over southeastern Alabama. --EOI-- Moving northwestward, the depression came onto land near Fort Walton Beach early on September 22, and shortly later, it dissipated over southeastern Alabama. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Coinciding with the first advisory on the depression, the National Hurricane Center issued a tropical storm warning from Apalachicola, Florida westward to the mouth of the Mississippi River. --EOI-- At the same time the National Hurricane Center gave out its first advisory on the depression, they also gave out a tropical storm warning from Apalachicola, Florida to the delta of the Mississippi River. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Initially very disorganized, surface pressures gradually decreased across the region, with a weak low pressure area developing on September 19. --EOI-- Originally, the system was very disorganized, but surface pressures slowly went down across the area, with a weak low pressure area forming on September 19. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Depression Ten was a short-lived tropical cyclone that made landfall on the Florida Panhandle in September 2007. --EOI-- Tropical Depression Ten was a short-lived tropical cyclone that moved onto land on western Florida in September 2007. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Shortly thereafter, an inland tropical storm warning was issued for Pearl River, Walthall, and Pike counties in Mississippi and Washington Parish in Louisiana. --EOI-- Shortly thereafter, an inland tropical storm warning was given out for Pearl River, Walthall, and Pike counties in Mississippi and Washington Parish in Louisiana. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cloud pattern deteriorated as it tracked inland, and 3 hours after it moved ashore the National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on the depression. --EOI-- The cloud pattern began to become disorganized as it moved inland, and 3 hours after it moved ashore the National Hurricane Center gave out its last advisory on the depression. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Exxon Mobil cut its output by about 1,000 barrels of oil and 55000 f. With 27.7% of the daily crude oil production halted due to the depression, oil prices rose further after days of increasing levels, and on September 20 reached a record rate of over$ 84 per barrel. --EOI-- Exxon Mobil stopped its production by about 1,000 barrels of oil and 55,000 ftÂ (1,500 mÂ). With 27.7% of the daily crude oil production stopped because of the depression, oil prices rose higher after days of increasing levels, and on September 20 reached a record rate of over$ 84 per barrel. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A reconnaissance aircraft flight into the system on September 20 reported a well-defined low and strong wind gusts in squalls as the system tracked into the northeastern Gulf of Mexico, along with limited and disorganized thunderstorm activity. --EOI-- A Hurricane Hunters aircraft was sent to fly into the system on September 20 reported an organized low and strong wind gusts in the storm as it moved into the northeastern Gulf of Mexico, along with little and disorganized thunderstorm activity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Due to the threat of the cyclone, Louisiana governor Kathleen Blanco declared a state of emergency and placed the state's National Guard and other disaster services on reserve. --EOI-- Because of the threat of the cyclone, Louisiana governor Kathleen Blanco also declared a state of emergency and placed the state's National Guard and other disaster services on stand-by. --separator-- --simplificataion-- By September 17, the system produced widespread thunderstorm activity over the Bahamas and western Atlantic Ocean. --EOI-- By September 17, the contact between a tropical wave and the end of a cold front created huge amounts of thunderstorms over the Bahamas and western Atlantic Ocean. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Officials ordered a mandatory evacuation for residents in shallow areas and in mobile homes for Jackson, Harrison, and Hancock counties. --EOI-- Officials ordered a mandatory evacuation for people living in areas of low lands and in mobile homes for Jackson, Harrison, and Hancock counties. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a result, it was forecast to attain winds of 45 mph (75 km\/h) and move ashore along southern Mississippi. --EOI-- As a outcome, the cyclone was forecasted to have winds of 45 mph (75 km\/h) and move onto land on southern Mississippi. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With a mid-level ridge to its northwest, the subtropical depression was anticipated to parallel the coastline of the Gulf Coast of the United States. --EOI-- With a mid-level ridge to its northwest, the subtropical depression was predicted to move alongside with the coastline of Florida and Alabama. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Metastatic breast cancer is a complex multi-step process involving the expansion of cancerous cells from the breast to other areas of the body. It is a serious complication of breast cancer, as metastatic disease in breast cancer is often fatal, with treatments mainly limited to palliation. --EOI-- Metastatic breast cancer is Breast cancer that has spread beyond the primary tumor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Codeine hydrochloride is more commonly marketed in continental Europe and other regions, and codeine hydroiodide and codeine citrate round out the top five most-used codeine salts worldwide. --EOI-- Codeine hydrochloride is more commonly marketed in continental Europe and other regions. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Codeine hydrochloride is more commonly marketed in continental Europe and other regions, and codeine hydroiodide and codeine citrate round out the top five most-used codeine salts worldwide. Codeine is usually present in raw opium as free alkaloid in addition to codeine meconate, codeine pectinate, and possibly other naturally occurring codeine salts. --EOI-- Codeine can be extracted from opium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Codeine phosphate and sulfate are marketed in the United States and Canada. --EOI-- It is marketed as the salts codeine sulfate and codeine phosphate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sir Paul Maxime Nurse, PRS (born 25 January 1949) is a British geneticist and cell biologist. --EOI-- Sir Paul Nurse PRS (Paul Maxime Nurse, born Norwich, 25 January 1949) is a British geneticist and cell biologist. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lung cancer is a disease which consists of uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung. --EOI-- There are 2 main types of Lung cancer, small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Lung cancer is a disease which consists of uncontrolled cell growth in tissues of the lung. --EOI-- There are 2 main types of Lung cancer, small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- 10â "15% of lung cancer patients have never smoked. --EOI-- The large majority of people who get lung cancer have smoked for many years. However, there are certain types of lung cancers that appear in otherwise healthy patients who have never smoked. --separator-- --simplificataion-- 10â "15% of lung cancer patients have never smoked. --EOI-- The large majority of people who get lung cancer have smoked for many years. However, there are certain types of lung cancers that appear in otherwise healthy patients who have never smoked. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cancer found outside of the lung may be determined to have arisen within the lung, as lung cancers that metastasize, i.e. spread, often retain a cell marker profile that allow a pathologist to say, with a good deal of certainty, that the tumor arose from the lung, i.e. is a primary lung cancer. --EOI-- However, there are certain types of lung cancers that appear in otherwise healthy patients who have never smoked. There are 2 main types of Lung cancer, small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cancer found outside of the lung may be determined to have arisen within the lung, as lung cancers that metastasize, i.e. spread, often retain a cell marker profile that allow a pathologist to say, with a good deal of certainty, that the tumor arose from the lung, i.e. is a primary lung cancer. --EOI-- However, there are certain types of lung cancers that appear in otherwise healthy patients who have never smoked. There are 2 main types of Lung cancer, small cell lung cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Secondary cancers are classified by the site of origin; e.g., breast cancer that has spread to the lung is called breast cancer. --EOI-- Currently, lung cancer is the leading causing of cancer death in women, killing more women than breast cancer, ovarian cancer and uterine cancers together. The large majority of people who get lung cancer have smoked for many years. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Secondary cancers are classified by the site of origin; e.g., breast cancer that has spread to the lung is called breast cancer. --EOI-- Currently, lung cancer is the leading causing of cancer death in women, killing more women than breast cancer, ovarian cancer and uterine cancers together. The large majority of people who get lung cancer have smoked for many years. --separator-- --simplificataion-- People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) is an American animal rights organization based in Norfolk, Virginia, and led by Ingrid Newkirk, its international president. A non-profit corporation with 300 employees and two million members and supporters, it says it is the largest animal rights group in the world. --EOI-- People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) is the world's largest non-profit organization about animal rights. --separator-- --simplificataion-- According to Nobel's will, the Karolinska Institutet in Sweden, a medical school and research center, is responsible for the Prize in Physiology or Medicine. --EOI-- The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine is one of many Nobel Prizes which were created by Alfred Nobel. This award is given by the Karolinska Institutet, which is a major medical center in Sweden. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine administered by the Nobel Foundation, is awarded once a year for outstanding contributions in the medical field. It is one of five Nobel Prizes established in 1895 by Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel, the inventor of dynamite, in his will, the others being for contributions in Physics, Chemistry, Literature and Peace. --EOI-- The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine is one of many Nobel Prizes which were created by Alfred Nobel. --separator-- --simplificataion-- These forms of weather are classified as localized severe weather. The term severe weather is technically not the same phenomenon as extreme weather. --EOI-- Severe weather is any destructive weather phenomenon. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Universal life insurance (UL) is a relatively new insurance product intended to provide permanent insurance coverage with greater flexibility in premium payment and the potential for greater growth of cash values. There are several types of universal life insurance policies which include "interest sensitive " (also known as "traditional fixed universal life insurance "), variable universal life (VUL), guaranteed death benefit, and equity indexed universal life insurance. --EOI-- Life insurance has different types of policies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Surface observations by manned or automatic stations are the only direct confirmation of freezing rain. One can never see directly freezing rain, rain or snow on weather radars, Doppler or conventional. --EOI-- Freezing rain is rain that freezes when it hits the ground. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the vinyl record version of the album, side A holds songs 1-8 while side B holds songs 9-13, further highlighting the stylistic split in the album. --EOI-- On the vinyl record version of the album, side A holds songs 1-8 while side B holds songs 9-13, further showing the split in the album. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Studios in College Park, Maryland with producer Matt Squire, the album was released September 27, 2005 on Decaydance and Fueled by Ramen Records. --EOI-- It was released on September 27 2005 by Fueled by Ramen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The album is split in two stylistically, with tracks 1 through 7 featuring electronic instruments such as synthesizers and drum machines and tracks 9 through 13 using traditional instruments such as the accordion and organ. --EOI-- The album is split in two, with tracks 1 through 7 being played by electronic instruments such as synthesizers and drum machines and tracks 9 through 13 using traditional instruments such as the accordion and organ. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With lyrics written by guitarist Ryan Ross, the record covers social issues that the band points on through various songs, and topics such as sanctity of marriage, adultery, alcoholism, prostitution and religions are woven throughout the album. --EOI-- Topics such as sanctity of marriage, adultery, alcoholism, prostitution, and religion are seen throughout the album. Guitarist Ryan Ross also relates two of the songs to living with an alcoholic father. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Track 8 (Intermission) serves as a link between the two halves, beginning with techno-style dance beats before switching to the piano interlude. --EOI-- Track 8 (Intermission) acts as a link between the two parts, starting with techno-style dance beats before switching to the piano. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pain can be classed according to its location in the body, as in headache, low back pain and pelvic pain; or according to the body system involved, such as myofascial pain (emanating from skeletal muscles or the fibrous sheath surrounding them), rheumatic pain (emanating from the joints and surrounding tissue), neuropathic pain (caused by damage or illness affecting the somatosensory system), or vascular (pain from blood vessels). --EOI-- Pain can happen just because the nerves do not work right. This is called neuropathic pain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pain that lasts a long time is called chronic, and pain that resolves quickly is called acute. Traditionally, the distinction between acute and chronic pain has relied upon an arbitrary interval of time from onset; the two most commonly used markers being 3 months and 6 months since the onset of pain, though some theorists and researchers have placed the transition from acute to chronic pain at 12 months. --EOI-- Pain can be acute or chronic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a type of neuropathic pain. --EOI-- This is called neuropathic pain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Others apply acute to pain that lasts less than 30 days, chronic to pain of more than six months duration, and subacute to pain that lasts from one to six months. A popular alternative definition of chronic pain, involving no arbitrarily fixed durations is "pain that extends beyond the expected period of healing. " --EOI-- Chronic means the pain lasts a long time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some "scientific laws " appear to be mathematical definitions (e.g., Newton's Second law F=, or the uncertainty principle, or the principle of least action, or causality). --EOI-- Although the concept of force predates Newton's law, there was no mathematical definition of force before Newton. The principle of least action (or principle of stationary action), Schroedinger equation, Heisenberg uncertainty principle, causality and a few other laws also fall into this category (of mathematical definitions). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Nor should` physical law' be confused with` law of physics'- the term` physical law' usually covers laws in other sciences (e.g. biology) as well. --EOI-- Nor should` physical law' be confused with` law of physics'- the term` physical law' usually covers laws in other sciences (e.g. biology) as well. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The production of a summary description of our environment in the form of such laws is a fundamental aim of science. --EOI-- The production of a summary description of nature in the form of such laws is a fundamental aim of science. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Empirical laws are typically conclusions based on repeated scientific experiments and simple observations, over many years, and which have become accepted universally within the scientific community. --EOI-- Empirical laws are typically conclusions based on repeated scientific experiments over many years, and which have become accepted universally within the scientific community. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A physical law or scientific law is a scientific generalization based on empirical observations of physical behavior (i.e. the law of nature). --EOI-- A physical law, scientific law, or a law of nature is a scientific generalization based on empirical observations of physical behavior. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Laws of nature are distinct from religious and civil law, and should not be confused with the concept of natural law. --EOI-- Laws of nature are distinct from the law, either religious or civil, and should not be confused with the concept of natural law. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Active infrared night vision is now commonly found in commercial, residential and government security applications, where it enables effective night time imaging under low light conditions. However, since active infrared light can be detected by night vision goggles, there can be a risk of giving away position in tactical military operations. --EOI-- If there is not enough light to see well, a human may need a night vision device such as night vision goggles to help them see. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Night vision is the ability to see in low light conditions. --EOI-- Humans do not have good night vision. If there is not enough light to see well, a human may need a night vision device such as night vision goggles to help them see. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The agent stimulates the body's immune system to recognize the agent as foreign, destroy it, and "remember " it, so that the immune system can more easily recognize and destroy any of these microorganisms that it later encounters. --EOI-- The agent in the vaccine stimulates the body's immune system to recognize the agent as foreign, destroy it, and "remember " it. Then the immune system can more easily recognize and destroy any of the microorganisms that it later encounters. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Finally, a microneedle approach, which is still in stages of development, seems to be the vaccine of the future, the microneedle, which is "pointed projections fabricated into arrays that can create vaccine delivery pathways through the skin ". --EOI-- The microneedle, which is "pointed projections fabricated into arrays that can create vaccine delivery pathways through the skin ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vaccines are dead or inactivated organisms or purified products derived from them. --EOI-- While the majority of vaccines are dead, inactivated or attenuated organisms, purified products derived from them, some vaccines are synthetic vaccines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Possible methods include liposomes and ISCOM (immune stimulating complex). --EOI-- Possible methods include liposomes and ISCOM (immune stimulating complex). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cultured mammalian cells are expected to become increasingly important, compared to conventional options such as chicken eggs, due to greater productivitity and low incidence of problems with contamination. --EOI-- Cultured mammalian cells are expected to become increasingly important, compared to conventional options such as chicken eggs, due to greater productivitity and few problems with contamination. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many vaccines have been highly cost effective and beneficial for public health. --EOI-- Many vaccines have been highly cost effective and beneficial for public health. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sometimes, this is because the host's immune system simply does not respond adequately or at all. --EOI-- Sometimes, this is because the host's immune system simply does not respond adequately or at all. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In some instances, wild populations may be vaccinated. --EOI-- In some instances, wild populations may be vaccinated. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Combination vaccines are expected to reduce the quantities of antigens they contain, and thereby decrease undesirable interactions, by using pathogen-associated molecular patterns. --EOI-- Combination vaccines are expected to reduce the quantities of antigens they contain, and thereby decrease undesirable interactions, by using pathogen-associated molecular patterns. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Where rabies occurs, rabies vaccination of dogs may be required by law. --EOI-- Where rabies occurs, rabies vaccination of dogs may be required by law. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Adjuvants are typically used to boost immune response. --EOI-- Adjuvants usually boost immune response. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A monovalent vaccine is designed to immunize against a single antigen or single microorganism. --EOI-- A monovalent vaccine is designed to immunize against a single antigen or single microorganism. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A multivalent or polyvalent vaccine is designed to immunize against two or more strains of the same microorganism, or against two or more microorganisms. --EOI-- A multivalent vaccine is designed to immunize against two or more strains of the same microorganism, or against two or more microorganisms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Although controversial claims have been made that thiomersal contributes to autism, no convincing scientific evidence supports these claims. --EOI-- Although controversial claims have been made that thiomersal contributes to autism, no convincing scientific evidence supports these claims. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Major achievements included the development of the polio vaccine in the 1950s and the eradication of smallpox during the 1960s and 1970s. --EOI-- In 1950s the polio vaccine was developed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both animals kept as pets and animals raised as livestock are routinely vaccinated. --EOI-- Both animals kept as pets and animals raised as livestock are routinely vaccinated. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vaccine production techniques are evolving. --EOI-- Vaccine production techniques are evolving. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Vaccines may be monovalent (also called univalent) or multivalent (also called polyvalent). --EOI-- Vaccines may be monovalent or multivalent. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The number of vaccines actually administered has risen dramatically in recent decades. --EOI-- The number of vaccines actually administered has risen dramatically in recent decades. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, the experimental vaccine CYT006-AngQb has been investigated as a possible treatment for high blood pressure. --EOI-- For example, the experimental vaccine CYT006-AngQb has been investigated as a possible treatment for high blood pressure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some religious groups do not allow vaccination, and some political groups oppose mandatory vaccination on the grounds of individual liberty. --EOI-- Some religious groups do not allow uses of vaccines, and some political groups oppose mandatory vaccination on the grounds of individual liberty. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most vaccine development to date has relied on "push " funding by government, universities and non-profit organizations. --EOI-- Most vaccine development to date has relied on governments, universities and non-profit organizations. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In certain cases a monovalent vaccine may be preferable for rapidly developing a strong immune response. --EOI-- In certain cases a monovalent vaccine may be preferable for rapidly developing a strong immune response. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The filing of patents on vaccine development processes can also be viewed as an obstacle to the development of new vaccines. --EOI-- The filing of patents on vaccine development processes can be viewed as an obstacle to the development of new vaccines. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With an oral vaccine, there is no risk of blood contamination. --EOI-- With an oral vaccine, there is no risk of blood contamination. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Physiotherapy clinics are usually operated by physiotherapists and psychology clinics by clinical psychologists, and so on for each health profession. --EOI-- Physiotherapy clinics are run by physiotherapists, psychology clinics run by clinical psychologists, and so on for each type of health care. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some clinics function as a place for people with injuries or illnesses to come and be seen by triage nurse or other health worker. --EOI-- Some clinics are a place for people with injuries or illness to come and be seen by triage nurse or other health worker. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Clinics are often associated with general medical practice, run by one or several general practitioners or practice managers. --EOI-- Small clinics are run by one or more general practitioners or practice managers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In China, for example, owners of those clinics do not have formal medical education. --EOI-- Other clinics are owned by people who do not have medical education, like in China. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Doctors at such clinics can often refer patients to specialists if the need arises. --EOI-- Doctors at these clinics can send patients to specialists, a doctor who is very good at one kind of medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sewage treatment generally involves three stages, called primary, secondary and tertiary treatment. --EOI-- When it arrives at a sewage treatment works it passes through many stages. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They were part of the early CBGB punk rock movement that had emerged in New York. --EOI-- They were part of the early CBGB punk rock movement that had emerged in New York. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Cramps are noted as influencing a number of musical styles: not only are they one of the first garage punk bands but also the first known band to blend punk rock with rockabilly, The Cramps are widely recognized as one of the prime innovators of psychobilly, and they inspired many of the early goth rock bands. --EOI-- The Cramps are widely recognized as one of the prime innovators of psychobilly, and they inspired many of the early gothic rock bands. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cold Spring is a city in Campbell County, Kentucky, United States. --EOI-- Cold Spring is a city of Kentucky in the United States. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A human being can be infected by a single bacterium. --EOI-- A human can be infected by a single bacterium. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This organism is uncommon but may be found in cattle, sheep, goats and other domestic mammals, including cats and dogs. --EOI-- It is not common but can be found in cattle, sheep, goats, and other household animals, including cats and dogs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Her ground-breaking work on cancer epidemiology was carried on by Richard Doll and Austin Bradford Hill, who published "Lung Cancer and Other Causes of Death In Relation to Smoking. --EOI-- Her work on cancer epidemiology was carried on by Richard Doll and Austin Bradford Hill. They published "Lung Cancer and Other Causes of Death In Relation to Smoking. --separator-- --simplificataion-- His contemporary Nicolaes Tulp believed that cancer was a poison that slowly spreads, and concluded that it was contagious. --EOI-- Nicolaes Tulp believed that cancer was a poison that slowly spreads. He said that it was contagious. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Over the past 50 years, great efforts have been spent on gathering data across medical practice, hospital, provincial, state, and even country boundaries to study the interdependence of environmental and cultural factors on cancer incidence. --EOI-- Over the past 50 years, great efforts have been made on collecting data across medical practice, hospital, provincial, state, and even country boundaries. This data is used to study the sharing dependence of environmental and cultural causes on cancer incidence. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With the widespread use of the microscope in the 18th century, it was discovered that the` cancer poison' spread from the primary tumor through the lymph nodes to other sites ( "metastasis "). --EOI-- With the microscope, it was discovered that the` cancer poison' spread from the one tumor through the lymph nodes to other sites ( "metastasis "). --separator-- --simplificataion-- With the exception of William Coley who in the late 19th century felt that the rate of cure after surgery had been higher before asepsis (and who injected bacteria into tumors with mixed results), cancer treatment became dependent on the individual art of the surgeon at removing a tumor. --EOI-- Cancer treatment became dependent on the individual art of the surgeon at removing a tumor, except for William Coley. In the late 1800s, Coley felt that the rate of cure after surgery had been higher before asepsis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The work of other individual physicians led to various insights, but when physicians started working together they could make firmer conclusions. --EOI-- The work of other physicians led to different views. Physicians then started working together. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Many management options for cancer exist including: chemotherapy, radiation therapy, surgery, immunotherapy, monoclonal antibody therapy and other methods. --EOI-- Cancer can sometimes be treated using radiotherapy (also called radiation therapy), chemotherapy, or immunotherapy (also called biological therapy). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The oldest known description and surgical treatment of cancer was discovered in Egypt and dates back to approximately 1600 BC. --EOI-- The oldest known description and surgical treatment of cancer was discovered in Egypt. It dates back to approximately 1600 B.C.. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first cause of cancer was identified by British surgeon Percivall Pott, who discovered in 1775 that cancer of the scrotum was a common disease among chimney sweeps. --EOI-- British surgeon Percivall Pott was the first to find a cause for cancer. In 1775, he discovered that cancer of the scrotum was a common disease among chimney sweeps. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The renowned Scottish surgeon Alexander Monro saw only 2 breast tumor patients out of 60 surviving surgery for two years. --EOI-- The well known Scottish surgeon Alexander Monro saw only 2 breast tumor patients out of 60 surviving surgery for two years. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He later added the suffix- oma, Greek for swelling, giving the name carcinoma. --EOI-- He later added- oma after the word. It is Greek for swelling. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is insufficient evidence to recommend for or against screening for skin cancer, oral cancer, lung cancer, or prostate cancer in men under 75. Routine screening is not recommended for bladder cancer, testicular cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, or prostate cancer in men over 75. --EOI-- Some of the most common include breast cancer, brain cancer, leukemia, testicular cancer, mesothelioma, and lung cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With radiation also came the first signs of multi-disciplinary approaches to cancer treatment. --EOI-- With radiation also came the first signs of multi-disciplinary approaches to cancer treatment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- According to the patient's humor, treatment consisted of diet, blood-letting, and\/or laxatives. --EOI-- The patient's treatment was made up of diet, blood-letting, and\/or laxatives. The treatment was according to the patient's humor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The use of surgery to treat cancer had poor results due to problems with hygiene. --EOI-- The use of surgery to treat cancer had poor results. This was because of problems with hygiene. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the 19th century, asepsis improved surgical hygiene and as the survival statistics went up, surgical removal of the tumor became the primary treatment for cancer. --EOI-- In the 19th century, asepsis made surgical hygiene better. As the survival statistics went up, surgical removal of the tumor became the primary treatment for cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Hippocrates (ca. --EOI-- Hippocrates named many kinds of cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He stated that the excision should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed, which included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor. --EOI-- He stated that the removal should be radical and that all diseased tissue should be removed. This included the use of amputation or the removal of veins running in the direction of the tumor. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the 16th and 17th centuries, it became more acceptable for doctors to dissect bodies to discover the cause of death. --EOI-- In the 16th and 17th centuries, it became more acceptable for doctors to dissect bodies to discover the cause of death. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Richard Doll left the London Medical Research Center (MRC), to start the Oxford unit for Cancer epidemiology in 1968. --EOI-- Richard Doll left the London Medical Research Center (MRC). He left to start the Oxford unit for Cancer epidemiology in 1968. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Galen (2nd century AD) called benign tumors oncos, Greek for swelling, reserving Hippocrates' carcinos for malignant tumors. --EOI-- In Greek, oncos means swelling. He called malignant tumors carcinos. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Similarly, physical trauma is not accepted as a cause for cervical cancer, breast cancer, or brain cancer. --EOI-- Some of the most common include breast cancer, brain cancer, leukemia, testicular cancer, mesothelioma, and lung cancer. Breast cancer begins in the breast. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Modern epidemiological methods are closely linked to current concepts of disease and public health policy. --EOI-- Modern epidemiological methods are closely related to current ideas of disease and public health policy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This name comes from the appearance of the cut surface of a solid malignant tumor, with "the veins stretched on all sides as the animal the crab has its feet, whence it derives its name ". --EOI-- The veins of the cut surface of solid malignant tumor looks like a crab: "the veins stretched on all sides as the animal the crab has its feet, whence it derives (gets) its name ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cancer patient treatment and studies were restricted to individual physicians' practices until World War II, when medical research centers discovered that there were large international differences in disease incidence. --EOI-- This changed during World War II. This is when medical research centers found that there were large international differences in disease incidence. --separator-- --simplificataion-- 370 BC) described several kinds of cancers, referring to them with the Greek word carcinos (crab or crayfish), among others. --EOI-- He called malignant tumors carcinos. This means crab or crayfish in Greek. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The German professor Wilhelm Fabry believed that breast cancer was caused by a milk clot in a mammary duct. --EOI-- The German professor Wilhelm Fabry believed that breast cancer was caused by a milk clot in a mammary duct. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Since it was against Greek tradition to open the body, Hippocrates only described and made drawings of outwardly visible tumors on the skin, nose, and breasts. --EOI-- Hippocrates only described and made drawings of tumors he saw from outside. This is because the Greeks did not open up the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The surgeon was no longer operating in isolation, but worked together with hospital radiologists to help patients. --EOI-- The surgeon was no longer operating in isolation. The surgeon worked together with hospital radiologists to help patients. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A founding paper of cancer epidemiology was the work of Janet Lane-Claypon, who published a comparative study in 1926 of 500 breast cancer cases and 500 control patients of the same background and lifestyle for the British Ministry of Health. --EOI-- She published a comparative study in 1926. It was about 500 breast cancer cases and 500 control patients. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Papyrus describes 8 cases of ulcers of the breast that were treated by cauterization, with a tool called "the fire drill. " --EOI-- The Papyrus describes eight cases of ulcers of the breast. They were treated by cauterization. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The complications in communication this brought, along with the necessity of the patient's treatment in a hospital facility rather than at home, also created a parallel process of compiling patient data into hospital files, which in turn led to the first statistical patient studies. --EOI-- This made a process of putting all of the patient data into hospital files. This led to the first statistical patient studies. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The writing says about the disease, "There is no treatment. " --EOI-- The writing says about the disease, "There is no treatment. " --separator-- --simplificataion-- Treatment was based on the humor theory of four bodily fluids (black and yellow bile, blood, and phlegm). --EOI-- The humor theory describes four bodily fluids (black, yellow bile, blood, and phlegm). --separator-- --simplificataion-- A Second Report on the Mortality of British Doctors " followed in 1956 (otherwise known as the British doctors study). --EOI-- A Second Report on the Mortality of British Doctors " followed in 1956 (otherwise known as the British doctors study). --separator-- --simplificataion-- He also recommended the use of cauterization for the area treated if necessary. --EOI-- He also recommended the use of cauterization for the area treated if necessary. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Through the centuries it was discovered that cancer could occur anywhere in the body, but humor-theory based treatment remained popular until the 19th century with the discovery of cells. --EOI-- Through the centuries it was discovered that cancer could occur anywhere in the body. The humor theory treatment was popular until the 19th century with the discovery of cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Dutch professor Francois de la Boe Sylvius, a follower of Descartes, believed that all disease was the outcome of chemical processes, and that acidic lymph fluid was the cause of cancer. --EOI-- The Dutch professor Francois de la Boe Sylvius believed that all disease was the outcome of chemical processes. He believed that acidic lymph fluid was the cause of cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Another very early surgical treatment for cancer was described in the 1020s by Avicenna (Ibn Sina) in The Canon of Medicine. --EOI-- Another very early surgical treatment for cancer was described in the 1020s. It was described by Avicenna (Ibn Sina) in The Canon of Medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The age of cellular pathology was born. --EOI-- The age of cellular pathology was born. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Japanese medical community observed that the bone marrow of victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki was completely destroyed. --EOI-- The Japanese medical community found that the bone marrow of victims of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki was completely destroyed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This view of the disease was first formulated by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan between 1871 and 1874. --EOI-- This view of the disease was first made clear by the English surgeon Campbell De Morgan. He made it known between 1871 and 1874. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This insight drove national public health bodies to make it possible to compile health data across practises and hospitals, a process that many countries do today. --EOI-- This idea made national public health bodies to make it possible to bring together health data across practices and hospitals. Many countries use this process today. --separator-- --simplificataion-- With the use of computers, the unit was the first to compile large amounts of cancer data. --EOI-- With the use of computers, the unit was the first to bring together large amounts of cancer data. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During the same period, the idea that the body was made up of various tissues, that in turn were made up of millions of cells, laid rest the humor-theories about chemical imbalances in the body. --EOI-- They in turn were made up of millions of cells. This laid rest the humor-theories about chemical imbalances in the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- They concluded that diseased bone marrow could also be destroyed with radiation, and this led to the discovery of bone marrow transplants for leukemia. --EOI-- They said that diseased bone marrow could also be destroyed with radiation. This led to the discovery of bone marrow transplants for leukemia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When Marie Curie and Pierre Curie discovered radiation at the end of the 19th century, they stumbled upon the first effective non-surgical cancer treatment. --EOI-- At the end of the 19th century, Marie Curie and Pierre Curie discovered radiation. They had found the first non-surgical cancer treatment. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Decreased desire to eat is termed anorexia, while polyphagia (or "hyperphagia ") is increased eating. Dysregulation of appetite contributes to anorexia nervosa, bulimia nervosa, cachexia, overeating, and binge eating disorder. --EOI-- A loss of appetite is also called anorexia (this is not the same as the eating disorder anorexia nervosa). --separator-- --simplificataion-- A watering can is a portable container, usually with a handle and a spout, used to water plants by hand. --EOI-- A watering can is a container that is used to water plants by hand. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A chest of drawers, also called (especially in North American English) a dresser or a bureau, is a piece of furniture that has multiple parallel, horizontal drawers stacked one above another. --EOI-- A chest of drawers (Also called a dresser) is a piece of furniture. They are made of lots of horizontal drawers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Theme Hospital is a simulation computer game developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts in 1997, in which the player designs and operates a hospital. --EOI-- Theme Hospital is a simulation computer game developed by Bullfrog and EA Games. It was published in 1997. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In other countries, such as the United Kingdom, Germany and India, the MD is an advanced academic research degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate. --EOI-- In other countries, such as the United Kingdom and Germany, the Doctor of Medicine is an advanced academic research degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In other countries, such as the United Kingdom, Germany and India, the MD is an advanced academic research degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate. --EOI-- In other countries, such as the United Kingdom and Germany, the Doctor of Medicine is an advanced academic research degree similar to a PhD or a higher doctorate. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a professional doctorate\/ first professional degree (qualifying degree) in some countries, including the United States and Canada, although training is entered after obtaining from 90 to 120 credit hours of university level work (see second entry degree) and in most cases after having obtained a Bachelors Degree. --EOI-- It is a professional doctorate\/ first professional degree (qualifying degree) in some countries, including the United States and Canada. Students need to have completed 90 to 120 credit hours of university level work (see second entry degree) and in most cases should already have a Bachelors Degree. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a professional doctorate\/ first professional degree (qualifying degree) in some countries, including the United States and Canada, although training is entered after obtaining from 90 to 120 credit hours of university level work (see second entry degree) and in most cases after having obtained a Bachelors Degree. --EOI-- It is a professional doctorate\/ first professional degree (qualifying degree) in some countries, including the United States and Canada. Students need to have completed 90 to 120 credit hours of university level work (see second entry degree) and in most cases should already have a Bachelors Degree. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Doctor of Medicine (MD, from the Latin MedicinÃ Doctor meaning "Teacher of Medicine ") is a doctoral degree for physicians. --EOI-- Doctor of Medicine (MD, from the Latin MedicinÃ Doctor meaning "Teacher of Medicine ") is a doctoral degree for physicians (medical doctors). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Doctor of Medicine (MD, from the Latin MedicinÃ Doctor meaning "Teacher of Medicine ") is a doctoral degree for physicians. --EOI-- Doctor of Medicine (MD, from the Latin MedicinÃ Doctor meaning "Teacher of Medicine ") is a doctoral degree for physicians (medical doctors). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In Britain, Ireland, and many Commonwealth nations, the qualifying medical degree is instead the Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS, BMBS, BM BCh, BM, MB BCh BAO, or MBChB) and is considered equivalent to the M.D. degree in the U.S. system. --EOI-- In Britain, Ireland, and many Commonwealth nations, the qualifying medical degree is the Bachelor of Science in Medicine, Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS, BMBS, BM BCh, BM, MB BCh BAO, or MBChB) and is the same as the M.D. degree in the U.S. system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In Britain, Ireland, and many Commonwealth nations, the qualifying medical degree is instead the Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS, BMBS, BM BCh, BM, MB BCh BAO, or MBChB) and is considered equivalent to the M.D. degree in the U.S. system. --EOI-- In Britain, Ireland, and many Commonwealth nations, the qualifying medical degree is the Bachelor of Science in Medicine, Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS, BMBS, BM BCh, BM, MB BCh BAO, or MBChB) and is the same as the M.D. degree in the U.S. system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The degree is granted by medical schools. --EOI-- The degree is given by medical schools. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The degree is granted by medical schools. --EOI-- The degree is given by medical schools. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In build and appearance, they are very similar to production, passenger carrying Shinkansen trains, and line inspection is carried out at full line speed (i.e. up to 270 km\/h on the TÅ kaidÅ Shinkansen). --EOI-- The trains can go as fast as normal shinkansen trains, up to 270 km\/h on the TÅ kaidÅ Shinkansen). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Master was briefly played by Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers until Anthony Ainley took over and continued to play the character until Doctor Who's hiatus in 1989. --EOI-- The Master was briefly played by Peter Pratt and Geoffrey Beevers until Anthony Ainley took over and continued to play the character until Doctor Who's "hiatus " in 1989. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As with the Doctor, the role has been portrayed by several actors, since the Master is a Time Lord as well and able to regenerate; the first of these actors was Roger Delgado, who continued in the role until his death in 1973. --EOI-- As with the Doctor, the role has been portrayed by several actors, the first being Roger Delgado who continued in the role until his death in 1973. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Conceived as "Professor Moriarty to the Doctor's Sherlock Holmes ", the character first appeared in 1971. --EOI-- Conceived as "Professor Moriarty to the Doctor's Sherlock Holmes, " the character first appeared in 1971. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Master is a renegade Time Lord, and the Doctor's archenemy. --EOI-- The Master is a renegade Time Lord, and the Doctor's nemesis. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The infirmary provided accommodation for twelve beds, and became known as Charing Cross Hospital in 1827. --EOI-- It became known as Charing Cross Hospital in 1827. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The institution had its origins in a meeting initiated by Dr Benjamin Golding in 1818. --EOI-- It was set up after Dr. Benjamin Golding started a meeting in 1818. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Founded in 1823 as the West London Infirmary, and was originally located in Villiers Street, near Charing Cross in the heart of the metropolis. --EOI-- Charing Cross Hospital was set up in Villiers Street, London, in 1823. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both viral and bacterial causes of kennel cough are spread through the air by infected dogs sneezing and coughing. --EOI-- Both viral and bacterial causes of kennel cough are spread through the air by infected dogs sneezing and coughing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is highly contagious, even days or weeks after symptoms disappear. --EOI-- It can still be spread days or weeks after symptoms disappear. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Symptoms begin usually 3 to 5 days after exposure. --EOI-- Symptoms begin usually 3 to 5 days after exposure. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most kennels will not board dogs without proof of vaccination. --EOI-- Most kennels will not board dogs without proof of vaccination. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cough suppressants are used if the cough is not productive (nothing is being coughed up). --EOI-- Cough suppressants are used if the cough is not productive (nothing is being coughed up). --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is so named because the infection can spread quickly among dogs, such as in the close quarters of a kennel. --EOI-- It is called kennel cough because the infection can spread very quickly among dogs, such as in the closeness of a kennel. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In kennels, the best prevention is to keep all the cages disinfected. --EOI-- In kennels, the best prevention is to keep all the cages clean. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Gillespie had two funerals. --EOI-- At the time of his death Gillespie had two funerals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The second was at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York open to the public. --EOI-- The second was at the Cathedral of St. John the Divine in New York open to the public where everyone can attend. --separator-- --simplificataion-- John Birks "Dizzy " Gillespie (; October 21, 1917-- January 6, 1993) was an American jazz trumpet player, bandleader, singer, and composer dubbed "the sound of surprise ". --EOI-- John Birks "Dizzy " Gillespie (born October 21, 1917 in Cheraw, South Carolina) was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, singer and composer. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One was a BahÃ'Ã funeral at his request, at which his closest friends and colleagues attended. --EOI-- One was a BahÃÂÃ funeral at his request, at which his closest friends and colleagues attended. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was released on December 28, 1992 through Ruthless and Priority Records and was his first release since the break-up of N.W.A. 5150: Home 4 tha Sick peaked at 70 on the Billboard 200 and 15 on the Top R&B\/ Hip-Hop Albums. --EOI-- It reached# 70 on the Billboard 200 and# 15 on the Top R&B\/ Hip-Hop Albums. --separator-- --simplificataion-- 5150: Home 4 tha Sick is a 1992 EP by Eazy-E. --EOI-- 5150: Home 4 tha Sick is a EP by American rapper Eazy-E. It was released on December 28, 1992. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For example, a cricket ball can be considered an object but the ball also consists of many particles (pieces of matter). --EOI-- For example, a cricket ball can be understood as an object but the ball also consists of many particles (pieces of matter). --separator-- --simplificataion-- In physics, a physical body or physical object (sometimes simply called a body or object) is a collection of masses, taken to be one. --EOI-- In physics, a physical body (sometimes called simply a body or even an object) is a collection of masses, when you look at them as one object only. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One of the world's primary sources of caffeine is the coffee "bean " (which is the seed of the coffee plant), from which coffee is brewed. --EOI-- Caffeine is the main drug that is in coffee. Coffee comes from a tree. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, subsidiary beverages that contain caffeine, such as energy drinks, most of which contain high amounts of caffeine, have been banned in many schools throughout the world, due to other adverse effects having been observed in prolonged consumption of caffeine. --EOI-- Caffeine is in many drinks and foods. This is approximate amounts of caffeine in some food and drink: --separator-- --simplificataion-- Beverages containing caffeine, such as coffee, tea, soft drinks, and energy drinks, enjoy great popularity; in North America, 90% of adults consume caffeine daily. --EOI-- Caffeine is in many drinks and foods. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The remnants of the depression persisted until 2 am EDT (0600 UTC) on May 30, at which time it was absorbed by a warm front, south of Nova Scotia. --EOI-- The remains of the storm were later taken in by a warm front around 2 am EDT (0600 UTC). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Around 7:30 pm EDT (2330 UTC), a QuickSCAT satellite pass over the depression found tropical storm-force winds; however, the winds were determined to have been affected by rain and therefore not representative of the depression's actual intensity. --EOI-- Around 7:30 pm EDT (2330 UTC), a QuikSCAT satellite flew over the depression and found tropical storm-force winds. But the NHC thought the depression did n't strengthen and that winds were affected by rain. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Depression One was also the farthest north a May tropical cyclone is known to have formed, according to the NHC's Tropical Cyclone Report. --EOI-- The National Hurricane Center also reported that Tropical Depression One was also the farthest north a May tropical cyclone has ever formed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The NHC issued their final outlook on the low around 8 pm EDT (0000 UTC on May 28) while the system was located about 90 mi (150 km) east of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, as development of the low was not expected. --EOI-- Then on 8 pm EDT (0000 UTC on May 28), the NHC stopped monitoring the storm, as the low was not expected to strengthen anymore. --separator-- --simplificataion-- At 5:00 pm EDT (2100 UTC) the NHC issued their final advisory on Tropical Depression One. --EOI-- At 5:00 pm EDT (2100 UTC), the NHC gave out its last advisory on Tropical Depression One. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When Tropical Depression One formed on May 28, it marked the third time since 1851, when reliable records in the Atlantic basin began, that a pre-season cyclone developed in three consecutive years, following Subtropical Storm Andrea which formed in May of 2007 and Tropical Storm Arthur in May of 2008. --EOI-- When the storm became Tropical Depression One on May 28, it was the third time since 1851 that an Atlantic tropical cyclone formed before June 1, the official start of an Atlantic hurricane season. The depression followed Subtropical Storm Andrea of May 2007 and Tropical Storm Arthur of May 2008. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The first occurrence of this was in 1932, 1933, and 1934, and the second occurrence were the years of 1951, 1952, and 1953. --EOI-- The first time this event happened was in 1932, 1933, and 1934; the second time it happened was in 1951, 1952, and 1953. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Around 11:00 am EDT (1500 UTC), they designated the system as Tropical Depression One while it was located about 310 mi (500 km) south of Providence, Rhode Island. --EOI-- On May 28, the NHC started to monitor the storm again and on 11:00 am EDT (1500 UTC), they declared the storm to be a tropical cyclone and named it Tropical Depression One. At that time, the storm's location was about 310 mi (500 km) south of Providence, Rhode Island. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After a burst in convective activity overnight, shower and thunderstorm activity waned once more by 3:00 am EDT (0700 UTC). --EOI-- After a quick burst of convection during the night, thunderstorm clouds inside the depression started to disappear by 3:00 am EDT (0700 UTC). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Early on May 29, Tropical Depression One nearly attained tropical storm status, with intensity estimates using the Dvorak Technique reaching T2.5, or 40 mph (65 km\/h); however, the estimates were also as low as T1.5, leading to the intensity of the depression remaining at 35 mph (55 km\/h). --EOI-- On May 29, the depression almost became a tropical storm, when the storm's strength was measured at T2.5, or 40 mph (65 km\/h) using the Dvorak technique. But some of the measurements were also low as T1.5, which was the reason why the NHC did n't call it a tropical storm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On May 27, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) began issuing Tropical Weather Outlooks for the low while it was located about 120 miles (195 kilometers) south of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. --EOI-- On May 27, the storm was 120 miles (195 km) south of Cape Hatteras, North Carolina when the National Hurricane Center (NHC) decided to start monitoring the storm. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The following day, an area of low pressure developed along the boundary about 290 miles (465 km) south-southwest of Wilmington, North Carolina. --EOI-- During mid-May, a disorganized low pressure area formed in the Atlantic Ocean about 290 miles (465 kilometers) south-southwest of Wilmington, North Carolina. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Splitting the Atom is an EP by Massive Attack. --EOI-- Splitting the Atom is an EP by Massive Attack. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was released as a download on 4 October 2009, and on vinyl (limited to 1,000 copies worldwide) on 19 October 2009. --EOI-- It was released in October 2009 to download. Only 1,000 copies were released on vinyl. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other arthritis forms are rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, and related autoimmune diseases. Septic arthritis is caused by joint infection. --EOI-- Other forms of arthritis include Rheumatoid arthritis (which causes the bodyâ s immune system to attack the bones), psoriatic arthritis, and septic arthritis (when an area is invaded by bacteria). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Licensed to Ill is the debut album by the Beastie Boys, released in 1986. --EOI--  "Licensed to Ill " is the first album of the Beastie Boys, released on November 1986. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Avicenna also "described diabetes insipidus very precisely for the first time ", though it was later Johann Peter Frank (1745â "1821) who first differentiated between diabetes mellitus and diabetes insipidus. --EOI-- There are other kinds of diabetes, like diabetes insipidus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Diabetes mellitus due to a known defect are classified separately. Type 2 diabetes is the most common type. --EOI-- Type 2 diabetes mellitus is an illness very different from Type 1 diabetes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other forms of diabetes mellitus include congenital diabetes, which is due to genetic defects of insulin secretion, cystic fibrosis-related diabetes, steroid diabetes induced by high doses of glucocorticoids, and several forms of monogenic diabetes. --EOI-- There are other kinds of diabetes, like diabetes insipidus. However, when people say "diabetes ", they usually mean diabetes mellitus. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is no known preventive measure against type 1 diabetes, which causes approximately 10% of diabetes mellitus cases in North America and Europe. --EOI-- About 1 out of every 10 people with diabetes have Type 1 Diabetes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Diabetes mellitus is a chronic disease which is difficult to cure. --EOI-- However, when people say "diabetes ", they usually mean diabetes mellitus. People with diabetes mellitus are called "diabetics ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most cases of diabetes mellitus fall into three broad categories: type 1, type 2, and gestational diabetes. --EOI-- Gestational diabetes mellitus is like Type 2 diabetes. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The tracks "Sheila " and "In Spite of Me " were prominently featured on the soundtrack of the 1994 independent film Spanking the Monkey. --EOI-- The tracks "Sheila " and "In Spite of Me " were part of the soundtrack of the 1994 independent movie Spanking the Monkey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The tracks "Sheila " and "In Spite of Me " were prominently featured on the soundtrack of the 1994 independent film Spanking the Monkey. --EOI-- The tracks "Sheila " and "In Spite of Me " were part of the soundtrack of the 1994 independent movie Spanking the Monkey. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This upward motion causes lowered pressure along the cold front and can cause the formation of a narrow line of showers and thunderstorms when enough moisture is present. --EOI-- This upward motion causes lowered pressure along the cold front. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On weather maps, the surface position of the cold front is marked with the symbol of a blue line of triangles\/spikes (pips) pointing in the direction of travel. --EOI-- On weather maps, the surface position of the cold front is marked with the symbol of a blue line of triangles\/spikes pointing in the direction of its movement. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cold fronts can move up to twice as fast as warm fronts and can produce sharper changes in weather. --EOI-- Cold fronts can also move up to twice as fast as warm fronts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ambulance trusts and services may also undertake non-urgent patient transport services on a commercial arrangement with their local hospital trusts or health boards, or in some cases on directly funded government contracts. This is an area where an increasing amount of private firms are taking business away from the trusts. --EOI-- The new Trusts are: --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both organizations also provide "reserve " or "support " cover to some, though not all, of the ambulance trusts, dependent on the local MOU, where ambulance crews from one of the organizations (who are usually volunteers, but in some instances may be paid staff) will attend 999, GP Urgent or PTS calls on behalf of the ambulance trust, with the organization receiving recompense from the trust. --EOI-- Both organizations also provide` reserve' or` support' cover to some, though not all, of the ambulance trusts (dependent on the local MOU), where ambulance crews from one of the organizations (who are usually volunteers, but in some instances may be paid staff) will attend 999, GP Urgent or PTS calls on behalf of the ambulance trust. In these cases the organization is paid by the trust. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Welsh Ambulance Service NHS Trust (also called Ymddiriedolaeth GIG Gwasanaethau Ambiwlans Cymru) was established on 1 April 1998, and has 2,500 staff providing ambulance and related services to the 2.9 million residents of Wales. --EOI-- The Welsh Ambulance Service NHS Trust (Welsh: Ymddiriedolaeth GIG Gwasanaethau Ambiwlans Cymru) was set up on April 1, 1998 and has 2,500 staff providing ambulance and related services to the 2.9 million residents of Wales. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Following consultation, on 1 July 2006, the number of ambulance trusts fell from 29 to 13. --EOI-- On 1 July 2006 the number of ambulance trusts fell from 29 to 13. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Emergency medical services are provided through local ambulance services, known in England and Wales as trusts. --EOI-- Emergency medical services in the United Kingdom are provided by one of the four National Health Services through local ambulance services, known in England and Wales as trusts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This service is most often called on during major incidents (e.g. the 7 July 2005 London bombings), when there is a high level of staff absence or when there is an unusually high call volume, although in some areas, voluntary crews are regularly used to supplement full time trust cover. --EOI-- This service is most often called on during major incidents, when there is a high level of staff absence or when there is an unusually high call volume, although in some areas, voluntary crews are regularly used to supplement full time trust cover. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Both organizations have also provided cover for the public on the very rare occasions when unionised NHS ambulance trust staff have taken industrial action. --EOI-- Both organizations have also provided cover for the public when NHS ambulance trust staff have held strikes or walk outs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The main voluntary ambulance providers are the British Red Cross and St. John Ambulance, which have been providing emergency medical cover in the UK for many years, including active service in both World Wars (pre-dating the existence of any government organised service), and along with St Andrews Ambulance (now St Andrews First Aid, which no longer provides an ambulance service) ran statutory ambulance services in the United Kingdom under contract to the government until a reorganisation in 1974. The primary activity of both organizations in relation to ambulances, is the provision of covers at events as an extension of their first aid contract. --EOI-- The main activity of the organizations apart from training and education, is providing ambulance cover at events, as an extension of their First aid contract. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some organisers use a private firm instead of a voluntary ambulance service because of wider availability during the week (sometimes difficult for a voluntary service to cover) or for a wider range of skills, such as provision of qualified paramedics. --EOI-- Some organisers use a private firm instead of a voluntary ambulance service because of wider availability during the week (sometimes difficult for a voluntary service to cover) or for a wider range of skills, such as provision of qualified Paramedics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It responds to medical emergencies in Northern Ireland with the 270 plus ambulances at its disposal. --EOI-- To answer medical emergencies in Northern Ireland, NIAS has over 270. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Most of the new Trusts follow government office regional boundaries, exceptions to this are the Isle of Wight (where provision will remain with the Island's Primary Care Trust), and South East and South West England which are both split into two Trusts. --EOI-- Most of the new Trusts follow government office regional boundaries. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) is the ambulance service that serves the whole of Northern Ireland, and was established in 1995 by parliamentary order. --EOI-- The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service (NIAS) is the ambulance service that serves the whole of Northern Ireland, and was set up in 1995. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some companies have been contracted to provide additional emergency crews and vehicles to supplement the core NHS staff at busy times, with a quarter of the UK ambulance trusts contracting private companies to front line work. --EOI-- Recently, some companies have been contracted to provide additional emergency crews and vehicles to supplement the core NHS staff at busy times (such as New Year). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Emergency ambulance work in all NHS bodies and most voluntary and private firms is based on the guidance published by the Joint Royal Colleges of medicine Ambulance Liaison Committee (JRCALC). --EOI-- All ambulance companies and the NHS Ambulance trusts must follow the same laws, so a private ambulance must have the same equipment and the people working in it be as qualified as the same type of NHS ambulance. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In England there are twelve ambulance` Trusts', with boundaries generally following those of the regional government offices. --EOI-- In England there are twelve ambulance` Trusts', with boundaries generally following those of the regional government offices. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its headquarters is located at H.M. Stanley Hospital, St Asaph, Denbighshire and it is divided into three regions: --EOI-- Its headquarters are at the H.M. Stanley Hospital, St Asaph, Denbighshire and it is divided into three regions: --separator-- --simplificataion-- The main voluntary ambulance providers are the British Red Cross and St. John Ambulance, which have been providing emergency medical cover in the UK for many years, including active service in both World Wars (pre-dating the existence of any government organised service), and along with St Andrews Ambulance (now St Andrews First Aid, which no longer provides an ambulance service) ran statutory ambulance services in the United Kingdom under contract to the government until a reorganisation in 1974. --EOI-- The main voluntary ambulance providers are the British Red Cross and St John Ambulance in England\/Wales, Northern Ireland& The Islands, and St Andrew's Ambulance Association in Scotland. The Order of Malta Ambulance Corps. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is an area where an increasing amount of private firms are taking business away from the trusts. --EOI-- In some place private firms do this job instead, but it can be a big source of money for the trusts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Scotland has Britain's only publicly funded Air Ambulance service, consisting of two Eurocopter EC 135 Helicopters (based in Glasgow& Inverness) and two Beechcraft B200C King Air fixed-wing aircraft (based at Glasgow& Aberdeen). --EOI-- Scotland also has Britain's only publicly funded Air Ambulance service. It has two Eurocopter EC 135 Helicopters (based in Glasgow& Inverness) and two Beechcraft B200C King Air fixed-wing aircraft (based at Glasgow& Aberdeen). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Service employs approximately 1,044 staff based across 32 stations& sub-stations, four Control Centres and a Regional Training Centre. --EOI-- The Service employs approximately 1044 staff based across 32 stations& sub-stations, 4 Control Centres and a Regional Training Centre. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Private ambulance services are becoming more common in the UK, performing a number of roles, including providing medical cover at large events, either alongside, or instead of the voluntary sector providers. --EOI-- Private ambulance services are becoming more common in the UK. They often providing medical cover at large events, either with, or instead of the voluntary sector providers. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Scottish Ambulance Service is a Special Health Board funded directly by the Health Department of the Scottish Government. --EOI-- The Scottish Ambulance Service is a Special Health Board funded directly by the Health Department of the Scottish Government. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Ambulance trusts and services may also undertake non-urgent patient transport services on a commercial arrangement with their local hospital trusts or health boards, or in some cases on directly funded government contracts. --EOI-- Ambulance trusts may also undertake non-urgent patient transport services on a commercial arrangement with their local hospital trusts, or in some cases on directly funded government contracts. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Each service in England is specific to a one or more local authority areas, and so the country is divided across a number of ambulance services, in a similar way to the Police. --EOI-- Each service in England is based on one or more local authority areas, and so the country is divided across a number of ambulance services, in a similar way to the British Police. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The American Board of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology is a conjoint board between internal medicine and pediatrics. --EOI-- The American Board of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology is a conjoint board between internal medicine and pediatrics. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The American College of Osteopathic Internists recognizes the following subspecialties. --EOI-- The American College of Osteopathic Internists recognizes the following subspecialties. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Internists may also specialize in "allergy " and "immunology. " --EOI-- Internists may also specialize in allergy and immunology. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The following are the subspecialties recognized by the American Board of Internal Medicine. --EOI-- The following are the subspecialties recognized by the American Board of Internal Medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the United States, two organizations are responsible for certification of subspecialists within the field: the American Board of Internal Medicine and the American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine. --EOI-- In the United States, there are two organizations responsible for certification of subspecialists within the field, the American Board of Internal Medicine, and the American Osteopathic Board of Internal Medicine. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the United States, bladder cancer is the fourth most common type of cancer in men and the ninth most common cancer in women. More than 50,000 men and 16,000 women are diagnosed with bladder cancer each year. --EOI-- Bladder cancer is cancer arising in the bladder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the United States, bladder cancer is the fourth most common type of cancer in men and the ninth most common cancer in women. More than 50,000 men and 16,000 women are diagnosed with bladder cancer each year. --EOI-- Bladder cancer is cancer arising in the bladder. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There is general agreement that acupuncture is safe when administered by well-trained practitioners using sterile needles. --EOI-- It is widely agreed that acupuncture treatment is safe when done by well-trained doctors using clean needles. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In a peer reviewed medical journal, one medical scientist published that Japanese acupuncture isâ far less painfulâ than Chinese acupuncture, and that Japanese acupuncture needles are smaller than Chinese acupuncture needles. --EOI-- Acupuncture is an ancient kind of medical treatment in which thin metal needles are pushed into different parts of the body. Acupuncture was developed by the Chinese about 5,000 years ago. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The principal body for professional standards in traditional\/lay acupuncture is the British Acupuncture Council, The British Medical Acupuncture Society is an inter-disciplinary professional body for regulated health professional using acupuncture as a modality and there is the Acupuncture Association of Chartered Physiotherapists. --EOI-- Many states now accept schools of acupuncture. Some doctors are studying and using acupuncture. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is not clear how spiderlings manage to eat pollen however, since their mouths are not large enough to consume pollen grains. Some predatory mites also feed on pollen, with some species being able to subsist solely on pollen, such as Euseius tularensis, which feeds on the pollen of dozens of plant species. --EOI-- The pollen of some plants is very light. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pollen is a fine to coarse powder containing the microgametophytes of seed plants, which produce the male gametes (sperm cells). Pollen grains have a hard coat that protects the sperm cells during the process of their movement between the stamens to the pistil of flowering plants or from the male cone to the female cone of coniferous plants. --EOI-- Pollen is a powder made of pollen grains, which produce sperm cells (male cells used for reproduction) of seed plants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was the world's tallest building for three years, until 1913, when it was surpassed by the Woolworth Building. --EOI-- Before it was built, the tallest building in the world was the Singer Building. The Woolworth Building became the tallest four years later. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Physical abuse is abuse involving contact intended to cause feelings of intimidation, injury, or other physical suffering or bodily harm. --EOI-- Physical abuse is a form of abuse which causes feelings of pain, injury, or other physical suffering. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Physical changes occur when objects undergo a change that does not change their chemical nature. A physical change involves a change in physical properties. --EOI-- A physical change is a change in which no new substances are formed and most physical changes are reversible. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was constructed by the Armed Constabulary and local MÄ ori who worked on their land. Before this, access to Te Puke was made across the Papamoa Hills from Ngapeke to Manoeka, following an ancient MÄ ori trail. --EOI-- Te Puke means the hill in MÄ ori. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, abbreviated ARRA and commonly referred to as the Stimulus or The Recovery Act, is an economic stimulus package enacted by the 111th United States Congress in February 2009. --EOI-- The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, most commonly referred to as the stimulus bill or stimulus package, was a spending bill passed by the U.S. Congress in 2009. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It was released in Europe and Asia on October 6, 2006, and November 2, 2006 in Japan. --EOI-- It was released in Europe and Asia on October 6 2006, and November 2 2006 in Japan. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Using its USB 2.0 connection, the Vision Camera is compatible with Windows XP Service Pack 2 (32-bit only), Windows Vista (32-bit and 64-bit), and Windows 7 (32-bit and 64-bit, although 64-bit is not confirmed by Microsoft). Because the Vision Camera lacks audio input, a microphone must also be connected to the computer for voice chat and audio recording. --EOI-- The Vision Camera is compatible with Windows XP Service Pack 2 using USB 2.0 connection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The three effects are` watery',` edgy', and` dotty'. --EOI-- The three effects are` watery',` edgy', and` dotty'. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Drivers are not included with the Vision Camera but can be downloaded automatically by Windows when prompted. --EOI-- Drivers are not included with the Vision Camera-- you must allow Windows to download them automatically when prompted. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Vision Camera works in iChat, Photo Booth, Facetime for Mac, and other applications that use QuickTime for video display, such as Skype. --EOI-- They work in iChat, Photo Booth and other applications that use Quicktime for video display, such as Skype. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Mac OS X 10.4.9 added support for the USB "video class " group of peripherals, which includes the Vision Camera. --EOI-- Mac OS X 10.4.9 added support for the USB "video class " group of peripherals, including Vision Camera. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It also features three camera effects, in which the currently captured video image is overlaid on the dashboard background. --EOI-- It also features three camera effects, in which the currently captured video image is overlaid on the dashboard background. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The camera can be used for video chat, personalized gamer pictures, in-game video chat, and still pictures. --EOI-- The camera can be used for video chat, personalized gamer pictures, in-game video chat, and still pictures. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It allows for video chat and picture messages using an Xbox Live Gold Subscription with video effects along with in-game compatibility. --EOI-- It allows for video chat and picture messages using an Xbox Live Gold Subscription with video effects along with in-game compatibility. --separator-- --simplificataion-- PlayStation 3 system software (firmware) version 1.54 added support for "video class " USB devices, allowing use of the Vision camera, as well as webcams and other similar devices. --EOI-- The Vision Camera is also compatible with Sony's PlayStation 3 (requires firmware 1.54). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The camera features 640Ã-- 480 video at 30 fps and is capable of taking still images at 1.3 megapixels. --EOI-- The camera features 640Ã-- 480 video at 30 fps and is capable of taking still images at 1.3 megapixels. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The Xbox Live Vision Camera was announced at E3 2006 and released in North America on September 19, 2006, following a 1-month pre-launch period in which Toys "R " Us stores in New York City and Los Angeles sold them to build up hype. --EOI-- The Xbox Live Vision Camera was announced at E3 2006 and released in North America on September 19 2006, following a 1-month pre-launch period in which Toys "R " Us stores in New York City and Los Angeles sold them to build up hype. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The camera uses a standard USB 2.0 connection and is also Windows (XP and newer) and Mac OS X (v10.4.9 and newer) compatible. --EOI-- The camera uses a standard USB 2.0 connection and is also Windows (XP and newer) and Mac OS X (v10.4.9 and newer) compatible. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Physical Graffiti is the sixth studio album by the English rock band Led Zeppelin. It is a double album which was released on 24 February 1975. --EOI-- Physical Graffiti is the sixth album from rock band Led Zeppelin, released on February 24 1975 as a double album. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cilia and mucus along the inside wall of the nasal cavity trap and remove dust and pathogens from the air as it flows through the nasal cavity. --EOI-- Cilia (small hairs) and mucus along the inside wall of the nasal cavity trap and remove dust and germs from the air as it flows through the nasal cavity. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On the sides of the nasal cavity are three horizontal outgrowths called nasal conchae (singular "concha ") or turbinates. --EOI-- On the sides of the nasal cavity are three horizontal outgrowths called turbinates. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nasal cavity is enclosed by the nasal bone above. --EOI-- The nasal cavity is covered by the nasal bone above and by the maxilla and ethmoid bone on the sides. The top of the inside of the mouth separates the nasal cavity from the mouth. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nasal cavity is divided in two by a vertical fin called the nasal septum. --EOI-- The nasal cavity is divided in two by a vertical fin called the nasal septum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx, where it can be swallowed. --EOI-- The cilia move the mucus down the nasal cavity to the pharynx, where it can be swallowed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The precise definition of an emergency, the agencies involved and the procedures used, vary by jurisdiction, and this is usually set by the government, whose agencies (emergency services) are responsible for emergency planning and management. --EOI-- The exact definition of an emergency, the agencies involved and the rules followed, depend on the jurisdiction, and this is usually set by the government, whose agencies (emergency services) are responsible for emergency planning and handling. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some people believe they have an emergency in a situation that does not pose a risk to life, physical health, or property. --EOI-- An emergency is a situation in which a risk to health, life, property or environment is about to happen. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the city, crowds gather in search of the nose. --EOI-- Large crowds appear on the street to try to see the nose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- He suspects that he has been enchanted by a woman called Madame Podtochina, because he would not marry her daughter. --EOI-- The Major thinks that Madame Podtochina, who tried to make him marry her daughter, has used witchcraft on him. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nose tries to get on the coach at the last minute: the horse is frightened and runs away, while the driver tries to shoot the nose. --EOI-- They think the nose might be trying to leave the city. As the coach leaves the nose runs in, tries to stop the coach, frightens thehorses, the driver tries to shoot the nose, and everyone starts to fight the nose, beating and hitting it until it is back to its normal size. --separator-- --simplificataion-- For emergencies starting outside of medical care, a key component of providing proper care is to summon the emergency medical services (usually an ambulance), by calling for help using the appropriate local emergency telephone number, such as 999, 911, 111, 112 or 000. --EOI-- When there is a medical emergency, emergency medical services should be notified as soon as possible by calling for help using a local emergency telephone number, such as 911 in the United States or Canada, 112 in most of continental Europe and on GSM cell phones, 999 in the UK and most of its former colonies (112 works as well), 118 in Italy, 119 in South Korea and Japan, 000 in Australia, 101 in Israel and 111 in New Zealand. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Women who have had children are less likely to develop ovarian cancer than women who have not, and breastfeeding may also reduce the risk of certain types of ovarian cancer. --EOI-- Ovarian cancer is a condition which involves different regions of the ovary. Recent evidence suggests the Fallopian tube may be related with ovarian cancer. --separator-- --simplificataion--  "Like a Surgeon " is a song by "Weird Al " Yankovic. --EOI--  "Like a Surgeon " is a song by "Weird Al " Yankovic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Madonna asked one of her friends how long it would take until Yankovic satirized her song "Like a Virgin " as "Like a Surgeon ". --EOI--  "Like a Surgeon " is a song by "Weird Al " Yankovic. It is a parody of "Like a Virgin " by Madonna. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is a parody of "Like a Virgin " by Madonna. --EOI-- It is a parody of "Like a Virgin " by Madonna. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If no signs of toxicity occur at the initial dose, it is necessary to retest at a higher dose level. --EOI-- FDP uses 10-20 animals to find the dose that produces toxicity signs but not death, and from there predicts the lethal dose. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Between half and three-quarters of all women who have a chlamydia infection of the neck of the womb (cervicitis) have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected. --EOI-- Between half and three-quarters of all women who have chlamydia have no symptoms and do not know that they are infected. --separator-- --simplificataion-- C. trachomatis is found only in humans. --EOI-- C. trachomatis is only found in humans. --separator-- --simplificataion-- C. trachomatis is naturally found living only inside human cells. --EOI-- C. trachomatis is naturally found living only inside human cells. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This may include specialized forms of insurance such as fire insurance, flood insurance, earthquake insurance, home insurance, inland marine insurance or boiler insurance. --EOI-- There are different kinds of insurance. One kind is called "fire insurance ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cluster headache, nicknamed "suicide headache ", is a neurological disease that involves, as its most prominent feature, an immense degree of pain. --EOI-- Cluster headache is a nerve disease. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good! --EOI-- Killing Is My Business... and Business Is Good! --separator-- --simplificataion-- is the debut album by the American heavy metal band Megadeth, released in June 1985 through Combat and Relativity Records. --EOI-- is the first studio album by American heavy metal band Megadeth. It was released in June 1985. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Bedtime Stories is a 2008 American family-fantasy-comedy film directed by Adam Shankman that stars Adam Sandler in his first appearance in a family-oriented film. --EOI-- Bedtime Stories is a 2008 film directed by Adam Shankman starring Adam Sandler. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A patient who has such an illness may be referred to as a terminal patient or terminally ill.. --EOI-- Someone who has a terminal illness may be described as a terminal patient or as being terminally ill.. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer typically have a poor prognosis, partly because the cancer usually causes no symptoms early on, leading to locally advanced or metastatic disease at time of diagnosis. --EOI-- Pancreatic cancer is cancer affecting the pancreas. It has a poor prognosis, with less than 5% of patients surviving beyond five years after the cancer has been diagnosed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pancreatic cancer is a malignant neoplasm of the pancreas. --EOI-- Pancreatic cancer is cancer affecting the pancreas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The prognosis is poor, with fewer than 5% of those diagnosed still alive five years after diagnosis. --EOI-- It has a poor prognosis, with less than 5% of patients surviving beyond five years after the cancer has been diagnosed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- William A. Shine Great Neck South High School (commonly Great Neck South or GNSHS) is an American top public four-year high school. --EOI-- William A. Shine Great Neck South High School, also called Great Neck South, is a high school in New York. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, GNSHS is officially listed in Great Neck. --EOI-- However it is officially listed in Great Neck. --separator-- --simplificataion-- But in 1980, Grade 9 was added to the high school. --EOI-- It teaches students from grade 9 to grade 12. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Great Neck South is one of three high schools in the Great Neck School District, which includes Great Neck North High School and Village School. --EOI-- It is part of the Great Neck Union Free School District. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Originally three communities, Cold Lake was formed by merging the Town of Grand Centre, the Town of Cold Lake, and Medley (Canadian Forces Base 4 Wing) on October 1, 1996. --EOI-- Cold Lake was originally three communities, and was eventully formed by merging the Town of Grand Centre, the Town of Cold Lake, and Medley which was a Canadian Forces Base 4 Wing on October 1, 1996. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cold Lake is a city in northeastern Alberta, Canada, named after the lake it is situated near. --EOI-- Cold Lake is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cold Bay is one of the main commercial centers of the Alaska Peninsula, and is home to Cold Bay Airport. --EOI-- Cold Bay is a city in Alaska. --separator-- --simplificataion-- When vehicles are fully stopped for periods of time, this is colloquially known as a traffic jam or traffic snarl-up. --EOI-- This is also known as a traffic jam. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Traffic congestion is a condition on road networks that occurs as use increases, and is characterized by slower speeds, longer trip times, and increased vehicular queueing. --EOI-- Traffic congestion is when vehicles travel at slower speeds because of too many vehicles on the road and so on. This makes trip times longer, and increases queueing. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The depression destroyed bridges, flooded villages and blocked roads. --EOI-- The depression destroyed bridges, flooded villages and blocked roads. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However as the depression never reached storm strength tropical storm conditions never occurred along the watch areas. --EOI-- Because the depression never became a tropical storm, tropical storm-conditions were not felt in the watch areas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The National Hurricane Center issued numerous tropical storm watches throughout the storm's duration, while in Costa Rica a red alert warning was placed into effect across much of the country, and over 100,000 people were evacuated. --EOI-- The National Hurricane Center gave out a lot of tropical storm watches while the storm was still alive, while in Costa Rica a red alert warning was put into effect across much of the country, and more than 100,000 people were told to move to safer places. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Depression Sixteen was only tropical cyclone not to intensify into a tropical storm during the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. --EOI-- Tropical Depression Sixteen was the sixteenth, and weakest, tropical cyclone of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Heavy rains from the depression's remnant low left at least 75 people dead and six missing and forced a further 100,000 people from their homes across Central America. --EOI-- Heavy rains from the depression's remnant low left at least 16 people dead and six missing and forced 100,000 other people from their homes across Central America. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The depression then relocated onshore and rapidly dissipated the next morning. --EOI-- The depression then moved onshore and quickly died out by the next morning. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Heavy rainfall from the depression triggered deadly flooding in Central America which left at least 75 people dead, displaced 100,000 others, and caused at least$ 150 million in damage. --EOI-- A lot of rainfall from the depression started deadly flooding in Central America which left at least 75 people dead and forcing 100,000 people to move, and being responsible for$ 150 million in damage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Total damage is estimated at about$ 150 million (2008 USD). --EOI-- Total damage is thought to be at about$ 150 million (2008 USD). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The host cell is now no longer useful to the virus, therefore the cell often dies and the newly produced viruses must find a new host. --EOI-- The cell is now no longer useful to the virus, therefore it must find a new host. --separator-- --simplificataion-- During this time, the virus will not produce any progeny, it will remain inactive until external stimuli (such as light or stress) prompts it into activation. --EOI-- During this time, the virus will not produce any copies, it will remain inactive until external stimuli (such as light or stress) prompts it into activation, or the redtart of the life cycle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is only active when replicating within a host, using a hosts' resources and food. --EOI-- It is only active when reproducing within a host, using a hosts' resources and food. --separator-- --simplificataion-- One of the ways a virus can be seen as living is that a virus needs to replicate and create progeny. --EOI-- One of the ways a virus can be seen as living is that a virus needs to make more of themselves. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some viruses can "hide " within another cell, either to evade the host cell defenses or immune system, or simply because it is not in the best interest of the virus to continually replicate. --EOI-- Some viruses can "hide " inside another cell, either to defend itself against the host cell defenses or immune system, or because it is not in the best interest of the virus to make more copies at the time. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After a virus has made many copies of itself, it usually has exhausted the cell of its resources. --EOI-- After a virus has made many copies of itself, it usually has used up the cell's resources. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Permissibility determines the outcome of the infection. --EOI-- Permissibility determines how the infection will progress. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Attachment, or adsorption, occurs between the viral particle and the host cell membrane. --EOI-- Attachment, or adsorption, occurs between the viral part and the host cell membrane. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In order for the virus to reproduce and thereby establish infection, it must enter cells of the host organism and use those cells' materials. --EOI-- In order for the virus to make copies and infect, it must enter cells of the host animal and use those cells' materials. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The process by which virus progeny are released to find new hosts, is called shedding. --EOI-- The process by viral copies are released to find new hosts, is called shedding. --separator-- --simplificataion-- After control is established and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself, replication occurs quickly. --EOI-- After control is taken by the virus and the environment is set for the virus to begin making copies of itself, replication occurs quickly. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is usually only after a virus enters a host that it can gain access to possible susceptible cells. --EOI-- It is usually only after a virus enters a host that it can gain access to cells in order to invade. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is at this stage a distinction between susceptibility and permissibility of a host cell is made. --EOI-- It is at this stage a distinction between susceptibility and permissibility of a host cell is made. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Next, a virus must take control of the host cell's replication mechanisms. --EOI-- Next, a virus must take control of the host cell's replication mechanisms. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is the final stage in the viral life cycle. --EOI-- This is the final stage in the viral life cycle. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In order to enter the cells, proteins found on the surface of the virus interact with proteins of the cell. --EOI-- In order to enter the cells, proteins found on the surface of the virus interact with proteins of the cell. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This hiding is deemed latency. --EOI-- This hiding is called latency. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, unlike other organisms, a virus can not survive on its own. --EOI-- A virus can not survive on its own. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Viruses are similar to living organisms, however there are differences. --EOI-- Viruses are near the same to living organisms, however there are differences. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Once inside a host, a virus's sole purpose is to make as many copies of itself, and infect other host cells; everything it does is to benefit its fitness and increase the number of its offspring. --EOI-- Once inside a host, a virus's main purpose is to make as many copies of itself, and infect other host cells; everything it does is to benefit its fitness and increase the number of its offspring. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It is commonly associated with playing tennis and other racquet sports, though the injury can happen to almost anybody. --EOI-- It is often associated with playing tennis, golf or other kinds of sport that use a racquet. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cancer is one of the twelve constellations of the zodiac. --EOI-- Cancer is one of the twelve constellations of the zodiac. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It lies between Gemini to the west and Leo to the east, Lynx to the north and Canis Minor and Hydra to the south. --EOI-- It is between Gemini to the west and Leo to the east, Lynx to the north and Canis Minor and Hydra to the south. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its symbol is (Unicodeâ). --EOI-- Its symbol is (Unicodeâ). --separator-- --simplificataion-- Its name is Latin for crab and it is commonly represented as such. --EOI-- The name is Latin for crab. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cancer is small and its stars are faint. --EOI-- Cancer is small and the stars are dim. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Radioactive Iodine-131 is used in patients with papillary or follicular thyroid cancer for ablation of residual thyroid tissue after surgery and for the treatment of thyroid cancer. --EOI-- Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Radioactive Iodine-131 is used in patients with papillary or follicular thyroid cancer for ablation of residual thyroid tissue after surgery and for the treatment of thyroid cancer. --EOI-- Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The follicular and papillary types together can be classified as "differentiated thyroid cancer ". --EOI-- Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland. There are four forms: papillary, follicular, medullary and anaplastic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The follicular and papillary types together can be classified as "differentiated thyroid cancer ". --EOI-- Thyroid cancer is cancer of the thyroid gland. There are four forms: papillary, follicular, medullary and anaplastic. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, in their two meetings, the Second Doctor and Third Doctor had a degree of antagonism towards each other, with the patriarchal First Doctor critical of them both. Other actors have portrayed the character of the Doctor outside of the television series. --EOI-- The Doctor is the central character in the long-running BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Not to be confused with the parathyroid glands In vertebrate anatomy, the thyroid gland or simply, the thyroid (ËÎ aÉ rÉ "É d...), is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body. --EOI-- The thyroid is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Traditional viral culture has been generally superseded by shell vial culture, in which the sample is centrifuged onto a single layer of cells and viral growth is measured by antigen detection methods. --EOI-- The older way of viral culture has been replaced by shell vial culture, in which the sample is spun onto a single layer of cells and viral growth is measured by antigen detection ways. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the cells show changes, known as cytopathic effects, then the culture is positive. --EOI-- If the cells show changes, known as cytopathic effects, then a culture is positive, meaning the test indicates infection. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Viral culture is a laboratory test in which samples are placed with a cell type that the virus being tested for is able to infect. --EOI-- A Viral culture is a laboratory test in which the virus samples are placed with a cell medium that the virus being tested for is able to infect. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This greatly reduces the time to detection for slow growing viruses such as cytomegalovirus, for which the method was developed. --EOI-- This shortens the time to detection for slow growing viruses such as cytomegalovirus, for which the method was developed. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Released nineteen years after the previous film, the film acknowledges its star Harrison Ford's age by setting itself in 1957. It pays tribute to the science fiction B-movies of the era, pitting Indiana Jones against Soviet agentsâ " led by Irina Spalko (Cate Blanchett)-- for a psychic alien crystal skull. --EOI-- Set in 1957, this fourth movie in the Indiana Jones movie series and is based around an older and wiser Indiana Jones (played by Harrison Ford) against agents of the Soviet Union-- led by Spalko (Cate Blanchett)-- for the crystal skull. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a 2008 American adventure film. It is the fourth film in the Indiana Jones franchise, created by George Lucas and directed by Steven Spielberg. --EOI-- Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is a 2008 adventure movie directed by Steven Spielberg. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Four times as many duodenal ulcers as gastric ulcers are diagnosed. --EOI-- Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The depression made landfall at St. Catherines Island, Georgia, and moved inland, where it steadily weakened. --EOI-- The depression moved onto land at St. Catherines Island, Georgia, and it quickly weakened. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Other rainfall totals of 2 to 3 in (50 to 75 mm) were common. --EOI-- Other rainfall totals of 2 to 3 in (50 to 75 mm) were common. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In Georgetown County, South Carolina, officials monitored the storm for potential needed actions. --EOI-- At Georgetown County, South Carolina, officials watched the storm closely. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tracking through an area of cool water temperatures, as well as unfavorable upper-level winds, the depression failed to achieve winds greater than 35 mph (55 km\/h), and thus did not attain tropical storm status. --EOI-- Moving through an area of cool water temperatures, as well as unfavorable upper-level winds, the depression was not able to get winds greater than 35 mph (55 km\/h), and as a result did not gain tropical storm status. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Initially, the depression tracked west-northwest at about 13 m, and most of the associated convection was separated from the center. --EOI-- At first, the depression moved west-northwest at about 13 mph (20 km\/h), and most of the convection from the storm was separated from the center. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The system was embedded in an environment characterized by high surface pressures. --EOI-- The system was caught in an environment characterized by high surface pressures. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, flood watches were posted for much of Georgia and South Carolina. --EOI-- However, flood watches were issued for part of Georgia and South Carolina. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There were no reports of damage or casualties associated with this depression. --EOI-- There were no damages or casualties because of this depression. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The storm continued a northwestward track for its entire existence, under the steering currents of a subtropical ridge and an approaching mid-level trough. --EOI-- The storm continued to move northwestward for its whole life, from the steering currents of a subtropical ridge and an approaching mid-level trough. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Early on July 26 it moved ashore on St. Catherines Island, Georgia, and after steadily weakening over land it dissipated on July 27. --EOI-- Early on July 26, it moved onto land on St. Catherines Island, Georgia, and after slowly weakening over land, it died out on July 27. --separator-- --simplificataion-- However, the cloud pattern became well-defined, and consisted of a number of curved banding features. --EOI-- However, the cloud pattern became organized, and was made up of a number of curved banding features. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As the storm was never forecast to attain tropical storm status, no tropical storm warnings or watches were issued. --EOI-- The depression was never predicted to become tropical storm status. Because of this, no tropical storm warnings or watches were issued. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The seventh tropical cyclone of the season, the depression formed on July 25 from the same tropical wave that spawned previous Tropical Depression Six. --EOI-- The depression formed on July 25 from the same tropical wave that created another weather system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A mid- to lower-level circulation developed within the system as it tracked generally north-northwestward, and based on surface and satellite observations, it is estimated the system developed into Tropical Depression Seven at 1200 UTC on July 25 about 60 miles (95 km) east of Daytona Beach, Florida. --EOI-- According to surface and satellite observations, it is thought that the system became Tropical Depression Seven at 1200 UTC on July 25 about 60 miles (95 km) east of Daytona Beach, Florida. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Prior to landfall, the highest winds were estimated to exist in a small area northeast of the center of circulation, where a well-defined band of clouds persisted. --EOI-- Before landfall, the highest winds were measured to exist in a small area northeast of the center of circulation, where a well-defined group of clouds persisted. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A small and disorganized depression, it tracked northwest, and due to unfavorable conditions it remained below tropical storm intensity. --EOI-- It was a small and disorganized depression, and it never became a tropical storm, which is stronger than a tropical depression. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The depression dropped light to moderate rainfall from Florida to the coast of North Carolina, peaking at 5.17 inches (131 mm) in Savannah, Georgia. --EOI-- The depression dropped light to moderate rain from Florida to the coast of North Carolina. The highest rain was 5.17 inches (131 mm) in Savannah, Georgia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because the storm was weak, effects were limited to heavy rainfall throughout portions of Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina. --EOI-- Because the storm was weak, the effects were limited to heavy rain in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and North Carolina. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Depression Seven of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season was a weak tropical depression that formed off the northeast Florida coast. --EOI-- Tropical Depression Seven was a weak tropical depression that formed near the northeast Florida coast. It was the seventh tropical cyclone of the 2003 Atlantic hurricane season. --separator-- --simplificataion-- A tropical wave, which had previously spawned Tropical Depression Six, interacted with an upper-level low pressure area to develop an area of deep convection near Hispaniola on July 23, 2003. --EOI-- A tropical wave, which had also created Tropical Depression Six, combined itself with an upper-level low pressure area to create an area of deep convection near Hispaniola on July 23, 2003. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Testicular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers: in excess of 90 percent; essentially 100 percent if it has not metastasized. --EOI-- Testicular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers; more than 90%. --separator-- --simplificataion-- In the United States, between 7,500 and 8,000 diagnoses of testicular cancer are made each year. --EOI-- In the United States, about 8,000 to 9,000 people are diagnosed with testicular cancer every year. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Even for the relatively few cases in which malignant cancer has spread widely, chemotherapy offers a cure rate of at least 85 percent today. --EOI-- Even in the small number of cases where the cancer has spread widely, chemotherapy offers a cure rate of at least 50%. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Over his lifetime, a man's risk of testicular cancer is roughly 1 in 250 (0.4%). --EOI-- Every male has a 1 in 250 (four tenths of one percent, or 0.4%) chance of being diagnosed with it. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Testicular cancer is cancer that develops in the testicles, a part of the male reproductive system. --EOI-- Testicular cancer is a type of cancer that develops in one or both testicles, a part of the male reproductive system. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As it is often difficult for patients to recall the precise details regarding each headache, it is often useful for the sufferer to fill-out a "headache diary " detailing the characteristics of the headache. --EOI-- A headache can also be used as a figure of speech, to describe something that is very difficult to do. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Freezing or solidification is a phase change in which a liquid turns into a solid when its temperature is lowered below its freezing point. The reverse process is melting. --EOI-- Freezing is the process when a liquid turns into a solid. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Those students will simply obtain the PhD degree at the end of their graduate study. --EOI-- The PhD degree usually takes between three to six years of full time study to complete after a Master's degree. Many PhD degrees begin with a period of graduate courses. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Depending on the specific field of study, completion of a PhD program usually takes four to eight years of study after the Bachelor's Degree; those students who begin a PhD program with a master's degree may complete their PhD degree a year or two sooner. --EOI-- The PhD degree usually takes between three to six years of full time study to complete after a Master's degree. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Non-chemical remedies include cooling, warming, soft stimulation. --EOI-- Non-chemical remedies include cooling, warming, soft stimulation. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Itch (Latin: pruritus) is an unpleasant sensation that causes the desire or reflex to scratch. --EOI-- Itch (Latin: pruritus) is an unpleasant sensation that leads to the desire or reflex to scratch. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Pain creates a withdrawal reflex while itch leads to a scratch reflex. --EOI-- Pain creates a reflex withdrawal while itch leads to a scratch reflex. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Often, however, scratching can intensify itching and even cause further damage to the skin, dubbed the "itch-scratch-itch cycle ". --EOI-- Often, however, scratching can intensify itching and even cause further damage to the skin, dubbed the "itch-scratch-itch cycle ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- Sometimes scratching relieves isolated itches, hence the existence of devices such as the back scratcher. --EOI-- Sometimes scratching relieves isolated itches, hence the existence of devices such as the back scratcher. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics, others not. --EOI-- Some plant products have been found to be effective anti-pruritics, others not. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Modern science has shown that itch has many similarities to pain, and while both are unpleasant sensory experiences, their behavioral response patterns are different. --EOI-- Itch has many similarities to pain and both are unpleasant sensory experiences but their behavioral response patterns are different. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Methane is the main component of what we commonly refer to as natural gas. --EOI-- Methane is the main part of what we commonly refer to as natural gas. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cold seeps develop unique topography over time, where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock formations and reefs. --EOI-- Cold seeps change the shape of the ocean floor over time, where reactions between methane and seawater create carbonate rock formations and reefs. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Type of cold seeps can be distinguished as according to the depth to shallows cold seeps and deep cold seeps. --EOI-- Other kinds of cold seeps are: --separator-- --simplificataion-- The cyclone had no effect on land, and did not directly result in any fatalities or damage. --EOI-- The cyclone itself had no effect on land, and did not cause any damage. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Depression Twelve formed over the southeastern Bahamas at 2100 UTC on August 23, partially from the remains of Tropical Depression Ten. --EOI-- The remains of Tropical Depression Ten helped to form Tropical Depression Twelve over the southeastern Bahamas on August 23. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The depression moved erratically and slowly towards the west, and wind shear inhabited any significant intensification. --EOI-- The depression slowly moved towards the west, and wind shear made it so the storm could not gain much more strength. --separator-- --simplificataion-- On August 8, a tropical wave emerged from the west coast of Africa and entered the Atlantic Ocean. --EOI-- The tropical depression began as a tropical wave that entered the Atlantic Ocean on August 8, 2005. --separator-- --simplificataion-- It formed on August 13 from a tropical wave that emerged from the west coast of Africa on August 8. --EOI-- The depression formed on August 13 from a tropical wave that entered the Atlantic Ocean on August 8. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Depression Twelve later became Hurricane Katrina. --EOI-- Tropical Depression Twelve later became Hurricane Katrina. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Late on August 13, it was "beginning to look like Irene-junior as it undergoes southwesterly mid-level shear beneath the otherwise favorable upper-level outflow pattern ". --EOI-- Late on August 13, a weather forecaster said that it was "beginning to look like Irene-junior ". They said this because it was undergoing mid-level shear towards southwest "beneath the otherwise favorable upper-level outflow pattern ". --separator-- --simplificataion-- At the time, it was located about 1600 m east of Barbados. --EOI-- At the time, it was located about 1600 m to the east of Barbados. --separator-- --simplificataion-- As a result of strong wind shear, the depression remained weak and did not strengthen beyond tropical depression status. --EOI-- Because of strong wind shear, the depression stayed weak and did not strengthen much. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Because Tropical Depression Ten never approached land as a tropical cyclone, no tropical cyclone watches and warnings were issued for any land masses. --EOI-- Tropical Depression Ten did not impact land. Because of this, no tropical cyclone watches and warnings were given out. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Tropical Depression Ten was the tenth tropical cyclone of the record-breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. --EOI-- Tropical Depression Ten was the tenth tropical cyclone of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The system continued to develop, and it is estimated that Tropical Depression Ten formed at 1200 UTC on August 13. --EOI-- The system formed into Tropical Depression Ten at 1200 UTC on August 13. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Instead, it developed the following chart: --EOI-- Instead, it developed the following chart: --separator-- --simplificataion-- The President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sportsâ " a study group sponsored by the government of the United Statesâ " declines to offer a simple definition of physical fitness. --EOI-- The President's Council on Physical Fitness and Sportsâ " a study group sponsored by the United States Governmentâ " declines to offer a simple definition of physical fitness. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Physical fitness comprises two related concepts: general fitness (a state of health and well-being) and specific fitness (a task-oriented definition based on the ability to perform specific aspects of sports or occupations). --EOI-- Physical fitness has two components: general fitness (a state of health and well-being) and specific fitness (the ability to perform specific aspects of sports or occupations). --separator-- --simplificataion-- The legend of the tooth fairy is of a fairy who gives a child money or a gift in exchange for a baby tooth (also known as a deciduous or milk tooth) that has fallen out. --EOI-- The Tooth fairy is a fictional character found in modern folklore. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The legend of the tooth fairy is of a fairy who gives a child money or a gift in exchange for a baby tooth (also known as a deciduous or milk tooth) that has fallen out. Children typically place the tooth under their pillow at night. --EOI-- One of the most famous traditions is leaving a tooth under a pillow for the Tooth Fairy. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The tradition is still very much alive and well in Ireland and Great Britain, where it is common for young children to believe in the Tooth Fairy. When a child's sixth tooth falls out, it is customary for the tooth fairy to slip a gift or money under the child's pillow, but to leave the tooth as a reward for the child growing strong. --EOI-- The Tooth Fairy will take the tooth away while the child is sleeping and leave some money in its place. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An Emergency medical dispatcher is a professional telecommunicator, tasked with the gathering of information related to medical emergencies, the provision of assistance and instructions by voice, prior to the arrival of Emergency Medical Services, and the dispatching and support of EMS resources responding to an emergency call. The term Emergency Medical Dispatcher is also a certification level and a professional designation, certified through the Association of Public-Safety Communications Officials-International (APCO), the National Academies of Emergency Dispatch, and PowerPhone, Inc.. --EOI-- An Emergency medical dispatcher is a person trained to gather information in the case of a medical emergency. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Love, Pain& the Whole Crazy Thing, or Love, Pain& the whole crazy thing as typeset on the cover art, is the fifth solo album by Australian country singer Keith Urban. --EOI-- Love, Pain& the Whole Crazy Thing is the fifth studio album by New Zealand-born Australian country music singer Keith Urban. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The album was issued on November 7, 2006. --EOI-- It was released on November 7, 2006. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The album has been certified 2 Multi-Platinum by the RIAA and platinum by the CRIA. --EOI-- The album is certified double Multi-Platinum by the RIAA and Platinum by the RIAA. --separator-- --simplificataion-- The nasal bones are two small oblong bones, varying in size and form in different individuals; they are placed side by side at the middle and upper part of the face, and form, by their junction, "the bridge " of the nose. --EOI-- The nasal bones are two small oblong bones located in the human skull. Their size and form differs among individuals. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Additionally, all equations describing laws of physics can be expressed without dimensional physical constants via a process known as nondimensionalisation, but the dimensionless constants will remain. Thus, theoretical physicists tend to regard these dimensionless quantities as fundamental physical constants. --EOI-- Here are some important physical constants. --separator-- --simplificataion-- This is reassuring for patients with insomnia in that, despite the sometimes-unpleasantness of insomnia, insomnia itself appears to be associated with increased longevity. --EOI-- There can be many causes for insomnia. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Insomnia can be grouped into primary and secondary, or comorbid, insomnia. Primary insomnia is a sleep disorder not attributable to a medical, psychiatric, or environmental cause. --EOI-- Insomnia is when people can not sleep. --separator-- --simplificataion-- An emergency exit in a structure is a special exit for emergencies such as a fire: the combined use of regular and special exits allows for faster evacuation, while it also provides an alternative if the route to the regular exit is blocked by fire, etc. --EOI-- An emergency exit in a building is an exit for emergencies, such as a fire. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the floss is too thick for the space between a pair of teeth then it will be difficult or impossible to get the floss down between the teeth. --EOI-- Some people use toothpicks to try to remove trapped food from between the teeth and other people use dental floss to try to do this. Dental floss is very often recommended by dentists as safe for flossing teeth, so it is probably safe to remove food from between the teeth using dental floss, since it is more or less the same activity as flossing is. --separator-- --simplificataion-- If the floss is too thick for the space between a pair of teeth then it will be difficult or impossible to get the floss down between the teeth. On the other hand, if the floss is too thin, it may be too weak and break. --EOI-- It is important to floss before brushing teeth and to floss at least once a day. --separator-- --simplificataion-- There are many different kinds of dental floss commonly available. --EOI-- Dental floss is a special type of thread. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Cold War Kids are an American indie rock band from Long Beach, California. --EOI-- The Cold War Kids are an indie rock band. --separator-- --simplificataion-- Recovery is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem, released June 18, 2010 on Shady Records, Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records. --EOI-- Recovery is the seventh studio album by American rapper Eminem, released June 18, 2010 by Aftermath Entertainment and Shady Records.